chuffin hell live on a friday?
hello nevo
YAY MY CHOCOLATE BAR
!sr we bring the boom
hello everybody its me bigmanting1337
let us get in big fella
hello gheezy, hello bigfattyfatso
USE CODE NEVO1ST IN THE FORTNITE ITEM SHOP
@ryanavfcc OH MY GOD RACIST RYAN YOURE BACK
nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles
given it to everybody BUT me
what u lot thinking do i get one or two hashbrowns tomorrow
only voted 2 for the high winnings
its my first day at gay high school, i hope they dont find out im straight
i have an idea of someone to prank call..
his name is Steven ‘Sneele’ Neele
lose so you can get me in
but i dont have u added :(
maybe not the best idea to bring up he’s twerking
im only a non-believer for more winnings
least i only betted 25
bloody bell 10 gifted
@bill_schitt hasnt even given me one but it gave everyone that wasnt on the stream one 🥲🥲
#justiceforBMT
i shall return
tacked 5k on no
they should vote me back in #FreeBMT
i heard it
finish that prediction too
#FREEBMT LET ME JOIN
i got the viccy
DEFINITELY BIGMANTING
Thats a weird way of saying bigmanting
nevo im buying some slippers in the shop using code nevo1st!
nevo mate accept my friend request
i might get a normal mcmuffin with 3 hashbrowns tomorrow
gets vip for saying skibidi and ive eaten mould on stream, died and come back and im still a normal person
buy nitrous with the sub money
give rizzo’s vip to me!!
mate ive had my hands on bezos’ shoulders and ive had him over a table the whole stream
5 grand on nk
can i read a nevvy
can i join
i got voted out cause the chats rigged
I demand a recount
@paulmccartneyy_ jamie went i think
nevo and rizzo sitting in a tree! b.u.m.m.i.n.g!!
we should do a team rumble match so we can all play
nevo load up a team rumble match aftet this so everyone can play
it can have loads of people in it tho
and u could get some clips
ERM NO I WANTED TO PLAY UNC BOXFIGHTS
@paulmccartneyy_ they get vip for that and i dont get it for surviving mold poisoning
i deserve vip for not dying a couple months ag
can i get that vip
and you should get me in!!!!!1!1!1!1!!
we doing a movie night later?
what about that fucking mingin sandwich he had too
nevo i could still smell the sweat from the wii sports stream while u were doing the griddy
please fall and snap your neck 🤞
im joking mr nevo
im not too confident in a loss this time. 2.5k on No.
tell nevo to do the electro swing
tomayto 🔫🔫💥💥💥🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
p and a stands for Pussies and arseholes probably idk
does anyone else think we should give bigmanting1337 another chance
blue shield looks like it’d be its own flavour
it’d be a unique flavout
chug jug definitely tastes like a mix of blue raspberry, orange and strawberry
get me in now
get me in now lad ive been patiently waiting
who says im not a woman, how dare you..
i mean she’s locked onto the meta
who is this diva 💜
whats next nevo prank calling people?
is it BMT Time?
getting me in now?
get me back in guys!!
add me bro
ive been sending join requests to ic3mini
@hulkshart banned
we sbould have a movie night later
fantastic mr fox
just saying ive been requesting fantastic mr fox since like July
nevo can i get in next round
hanging myself later
i think we should watch fantastic mr fox
you owe me a match for this ive been patiently waiting for an like an hour
my favourite is leeds bradford
@zynxoh stab a load of people
@nevo1st we watching a film later?
i think we should watch fantastic mr fox
nevo youre my favourite gay guy
raid dr crafty
hello nevo
raided by the rebecca trio
i had an ordær
niv got the r9
any nikita encounters yet?
how many emails does this guy have 😭😭
01189998819991187253
i could put my actual number in the chat and everyone would think im taking the piss
rebecca 2 would play but doesn’t have a pc
mr__fart__ what a name
go ahead and kill me
43 fart lane
get that prediction up
nothing personal jamie but i like winning
@ttvbest_fortnite_player genuinely thought i was the only guy that knew about bill jensen
!pedicshun
3 grand on no cause i like winning
‘sheep!’ welsh people be like
still proper impressed with how accurate my rebeccas chinese impression is
soggy biscuit stream tomorrow?
i wont get breakfast tomorrow if you blow yourself up right now
can we get nick to do a nevvy
u booked that ali kingston cameo yet
knew i had good money on it
rizzo say skibidi
wven funnier cause one of em is still here i think
nikita fuck off im gonna kill you
can i fuck i dont have a pc
monumentous day for non-believers everywhere
daddy derek?
i think hes bickley
can i join this vc im bored
let me join this vc i have nowt else to do
cant do this no more, im off to bed. take care nevlings!
@lyraawr bye rebecca 3!
hang on a minute this isnt tomodachi life
hi nevo
me ic3mini and sneele got an insane win earlier
neville mate you didn’t pick up the alien boner cannon
pathways under there mate
nevo mate did you pick up the gargoyle toenail its an essential item for the next area
you’re really close nevo!
u see that tasha got a reply from king ian
you should play donut county, great game
get this shite off
play a fuckin different song and all
song pisses me off
what the fuck is this song
oh my fucking days
thought you’d go to m&s or waitrose
could probably afford waitrose trip with the other night’s sub money
@rainze3 seconding sea of thieves
play sea of thieves
SEA OF THIEVES
@sofiyeg i do (not in the gay way though)
watch out for the capra demon nevo!
nevo and jafar have a domestic listening to ladbaby
@nevo1st i found the clip where he beats the capra demon https://youtu.be/AsF-LAjnphg?si=uDkKzVWHVMFJf6B3
@nevo1st i found the clip where he beats the capra demon! https://youtu.be/AsF-LAjnphg?si=uDkKzVWHVMFJf6B3
pissing me off now
@nevo1st i found the clip where he beats the capra demon https://youtu.be/AsF-LAjnphg?si=uDkKzVWHVMFJf6B3 i swear down
mate he said pretend we arent here not act normal
shakespeare had a shit haircut too!!
no way same as my mum
‘contributed more to art’ but he didnt make Bigmanting beat #3 did he
@nevo1st i found the clip where he beats the capra demon, it shows how to kill it easier https://youtu.be/AsF-LAjnphg?si=uDkKzVWHVMFJf6B3
nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing
nope shes called rebecca
youd be delighted to see what you have received off me
cheers for the ian moore there
if you dont get this right im gonna kick my daughter’s front teeth in
fuck sake i think someone’s pissed in my oasis
who got purged ages ago
FUCK YES BULLY
yea you are one of the missions on scholarship edition is broke
have u got chef dave on this island hed be best mates with nigel
bet its nikita
@luxembourgz99 no
yeah stupid Anastasias alt account is @nevo1st
who else died
spent eleven quid on that fuckin mackerel
what an unworthy winner, we should take away his benefits
ad time!
i have loads more points for ad time
give me my fucking points back then
fuckin hell keir starmer
true that, nobody would dare send u arse photos
he has a lovely hat
nevo youre bad at donut county
mate heres a clip of deji making a mii way faster than you @nevo1st https://youtu.be/AsF-LAjnphg?si=uDkKzVWHVMFJf6B3
sometimes i miss uraweefanny and tomfungle
mate id sooner throw my phone into the shitter than pay channel points to go to the toilet
im gonna redeem channel points and piss on your grave for that
FUCKIN HELL SCOTTISH DEC WAS WORKING THERE
can i redeem the piss reward for someone else
h
ed sheeran looks like a clay sculpture you’d make in year 6
holy shit 30 views
@anastasiabvrhausen except my birthday 😎😎😎
popped a comment on
dont start this fucking mr mii shite again fuck sake
nobody has ever called you mr mii you bellend
here i am wallace!
stream from bempton cliffs
monte fucking what now
@sneele_
MORE BAD NEWS FOR COD!
NO NOT JAMIE
he’d finally redeemed himself with that breakfast
when it gets to ‘balls of snow’ be patient cause that mission literally broke on xbox
i have a bully poster up in my room at my grandmas
the fact the tomodachi life sky looks like that shows that the light pollution in Pen Island is terrible
DONT KILL FOLKLOHRE
@folklohre im good at clutching
atleast let them gonout
and me too
well i tried
oh i thought u were on about elphaba orion doherty
dont you dare mr crews ill get tom fungle on u
do not DARE indulge in elphaba fart videos.
@ttvbest_fortnite_player fideen byuv
i came from Here i am wallace!
off to bed lads have a good one
@ttvbest_fortnite_player its kacie
LMFAOO
thats mad
make her more gross
give her the weird rashes
add all of the face options
nevo if i see you at york xmas market I’m gonna shoot you in the head
give it to me im sick
you should give the vip to @bigmanting1337_ ahahahahahaha ive heard he’s really cool
you’re saying her name wrong it’s pronounced DURR-TEA
its past midnight
GET OFF OF STREAM
nemodu1Diddy
rear-end someone
drive on the M62 and see how long it takes to crash
pop a gun out of the window and shoot him
what now activated?
drive on the m62
!sr https://youtu.be/AsF-LAjnphg?si=hfRJ8vyWU-8xnOL1
dont say knock him up?
can pretend king ians in the back seat now
dont say that?
!sr https://youtu.be/StKLoNWdp74?si=WQP4kxd4hAy5IieY
!sr https://youtu.be/StKLoNWdp74?si=WQP4kxd4hAy5IieY
ian say skibidi
@kaciepain_ neutrak
!sr https://youtu.be/StKLoNWdp74?si=WQP4kxd4hAy5IieY
THERE IS NO CHRIS CHAN BABY
@sofiyeg I FOUND A SNOWY DOG
@sofiyeg I ALSO HAVE 2 CAMELS AND THE NEW DOG
what list am i on
may i receive a message about what it is?
👍
id rather see a pooo stream tbf
im keeping it alive
trillion? let me get nikita
heading to the nether on my world
@kaciepain_ me!
bloody hell tom fungle was quite close
69.1337.420.42
goodnight best lesbian
i’ll put the tea on!
@lyraawr fuck sake howve u done that
nevo’s gonna come round and take all your fish!
#unbancharlie56178
i’ll be doing this on my world tomorrow
I finally reached the end
nether*
no I know im saying i did
*grabs shovel* hey super hot wife wake up nevo is gonna do it
woke up my wife and im horrified cause shes been dead a week!
pretty sure theres a 1/10 chance its under a village
armadillos have scutes that can make wolf armour
@folklohre i just took 2 camels over 6000 blocks and almost started crying cause it took me like an hour
nevo type /tp @e @s for a cool easter egg!
@kaciepain_ nevo is 53 btw
shouldve brought pumpkins
play complete mayhem off bully
@nintendogsforswitch i was eating gingerbread oreos do they count
yeah they’re limited edition tho
nevo1sBosh nevo1sBosh nevo1sBosh nevo1sBosh nevo1sBosh
YOU DID IT
GIT UP OWEN
ahahaha dickhead im not stupid
nevo1sNeptune
get chris david to make a worms profile for you
what happened to chris david worm
its called boxing day cause im gonna go around to nevos house and knock him out
goodbye rizzo
‘slops is gone’ chris david
where is chris david
@necrozmatic_ not surprising
if i was ed sheeran id shoot myself, mostly because of this but just because i wouldnt like looking like that
just got killed on fortnite, i am not a happy man.
eating a chocolate cat i got in France in june
it has the same texture of gone-off milk
bloody hell already in the tory bit? you’d fit right in here!
nevling meetup at bullworth academy
do a new years eve stream
we’ll all inject ket the first minute of 2025 and them try run a mile
didnt know u swung that way
this song goes hard as fuck
when tou get into his office pull the barriers that go infront of the doors to stop more people coming in
my favourite nevling is bigmanting1337 cause im proper sick
i fuckin do i have a 95% save file mate
im not gay or anything but i used to proper fancy Johnny Vincent
just cauee it got the bully gay achievement before i got the kiss 10 girls one
@ttvbest_fortnite_player no the one in bully
i like how jimmy goes from beating people to comitting fucking serious crimes by the end of the game
nobody in this stream is busy on valentines day
@ic3mini not as bad as the biker one
at the back of the school theres a broken wall with a big trellis in it, climb that
i wake up in cold sweats after i dream of you nevo 🥵🥵🥵
oh yeah this missions broken on everything
just keep re-attempting it
just wait for it to fail and restart
these missions are only in scholarship edition
the mission in the 360 edition is broken and all
west yorkshire? im combing the whole county and im gonna find you and KILL YOU
nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns
yeah stop screaming nevo SHUT THE FUCK UP 😡😡😡😡
not drcrafty!
should feel privileged mate ive got you on the speaker
go to the shop in new coventry cause the leather jacket looks cool asf
the shithole bit to the right
no its just that one
@lyraawr no it’s Santa
oh i like this mission get a lot of firecrackers
theres a bug where you can complrte this instantly if you jump into the castle
you punched santa and got a 3star
jump into the castle
thats not a castle is it
smash the fuck out of the towers
man got decked by Santa and softlocked
its just that you keep fighting santa
YOU ARENT MEANT TO FIGHT SANTS U DICKHEAD
TRY SKATEBOARD
theres no timer either you’re buggered
restart the full game
as in from the last save
we should play sea of thieves
hello mr crews. i believe we should play sea of thieves on stream at some point.
check suggestions m8
u looked into sea of thieves yet
i say you get pc game pass cause it has loads of games like firewatch and stuff
it has sea of thieves on too
@ic3mini i fiend for sea of thievs
sea of thieves is sick ive just looted 2 fortresses full of ghosts and got a shitload of treasure to sell
it has a ton of assassins creeds, far cry 5 and 6, firewatch, sea of thieves, overthrown, stardew valley and a few others.
its essentially a huge music class
i brought these gifts for you theyre up in my bum
@nintendogsforswitch its my favourite family guy clip
CURSE YOU!
what quest is it
have u got the clubhouse in new covemtry yet?
just sleep there and do the quest in the morning
oh i thought u unlocked the one in the biker area but it must be later in the story
'freelance stuff in the dorm' thought u were gonna say u shagged people for a tenner
my cousin is sendine me a tenner to buy flower boy nevo1sSmiles
we having film night tonight?
dress code just adds to your level but isnt severe enough to get chased for
but what if chelsealeeart joins
i used to have a crush on this guy
gord the cock gobbler
@Rizzo04 hed put a pipe in his mouth and inhale harder
@JamieEC do it
simple simon bumming luke bennett watch party
'strapping young lad' when hes builtm like a fuckin pencil
this mission should be normal try using firecrackers or de-biking them
try punch the fuck out of them
call her baclk
the gay nerd is getting battered
send her what ive put in just chatting
aim for them ones on rooves cause you can get like $400 from this
we should all get on that fortnite ballistic
@HulkShart why
go top floor u need to fight the boss
head to the top floor and fight norton
sledgehammer
@ttvbest_fortnite_player hes gonna get battered like he did the last time we had a rap battle
check dms
thanks lyraawr
this mission is sick you get to beat the shit out of the hot guy
new rap battle dropped
youre gonna be falling apart after you hear my new bars
i got bars from mars
yeah well i cant think of any other lines
just gotta go full edl skinhead atp
yeah googling how to buy pc gamepass and get on sea of thieves gimpy gimpy bald boy
hes fit as fuck
help pete so you can get him off the bike
the jock chapter has some of the best music in the game
dissin me for i'll shave your hair and make you even more bald
@priscillabllyson KILL YOURSELF
GAY SCENE
OWEN IS GAY
HE IS GAY
THATS A BLOKE
YOURE GAY
YOU ARE A KISSBOY
no the kissable nerd isnt white
FANTASTIC MR FOX
what about me :(
HAH JOKES ON YOU I DONT HAVE A GIRLFRIEND IM GONNA DIE ALONE :(
@paulmccartneyy_ actually forgot about cookie clicker i wonder if i still have my save
in case anybody is wondering the soundtrack is on spotify and is made by Shawn Lee (get this pinned)
theres norway nevnation 4 is already here
hello smellysock
you could say its.. triabtrue
wait until it fully sinks u mug
im noticing a lack of Nevo1sDoge
does the clip i sent u work or should i do a higher quality version
it was a bit shit i’ll record it on my headphone mic
LENNYYYYYYYY
Nevnation moving stream would go hard, stick everyone on the back of wagons and head to the nearest desert
i’m so excited for the nevvys!
we should get every nevling in
can i play my music at the nevvys
can we get PIPE as a special guest
please get chris david at the nevvys
get the shyne boyz to read a nevvu
@ttvbest_fortnite_player what did you call me earlier i cant remember
its like the first chapter of red dead 2
@paulmccartneyy_ hang on my cousins called joe
fishing is sick you can catch saddles and enchanted books and shit
@anastasiabvrhausen do you always have to disagree with everything i say
IM GONNA KILL YOU
first its calling fantastic mr fox shite and now you say fishing is shit. nevo1sFuming nevo1sFuming nevo1sFuming nevo1sFuming nevo1sFuming
gimpy gimpy ginger fishing boy
that means you catch better stuff
ive got my aunty fuckall cause shes a right nasty bitch
my favourite cousin is giving me a tenner
i might just buy him a pack of fifa cards or something
do a sims 4 stream
and you’re on pc you can get all the cool custom shit
i could probably get the world record sex speedrun on the sims cause i have a couple at max love level
awwww
no The King Of Freeside and random woman he found at the gym?
dont talk about rizzo and nevo’s holes!
@bill_schitt just start spam calling him
i swear i heard someone shout OWEN
@bill_schitt do it more.
one of these days they’re gonna be dying down there and you’ll think they were shouting the cat
i think new sheffield is a better name tbf
the village u knobber
“come outside we won’t jump you i swear”
dont be rude to Anastasia you horrible boy
wii sports stream you stinky sweaty boy
whoever removed that im gonna puncture my lung cause of that
@bill_schitt is it fuck
lived here me whole life and i dont think it is
@anastasiabvrhausen tell her to drive to Newcastle and reflect on how good she has it
@paulmccartneyy_ in york? cause yorks a fucking shithole full of dickheads and i hate it i hate it i hate it
man like olaf the weaver
Chat seems active. Consider clipping this moment for nevo1st
rest in.. not pooo?
owen crews really did lose!
teleport bill schitt to the middle of nowhere in the nether
someone use their teleport to send him 1000 blocks away
@theholywaffy can you listen to my music first?
can you build a statue of me
@sneele_ hi
thats luckY
@bill_schitt easy mate!
hi sneele
theres norway you’re getting exiled again
cheers for the crystal meth there
cheers for the simple simon in bed there
@nevo1st check tiktok
I SENT IT TO U ON TIMTOK
Sesame street shirt goes hard
i know people keep messing the floor up but you really are shit at placing them
bald stream
send him to 1000 2000 3000
owen i swear to god you better stop fucking up the floor or i’m gonna do an imalexx on you
i dont think theyre sending
grandad joe after not moving in 50 years and then getting up and dancing like its going out of fashion
!sr https://youtu.be/qfG2Cs9mfh0?si=3UuVL6r7Z7buQ1D-
oh boy i wonder who made that
@paulmccartneyy_ he has fallen ill
not to be a snitch but im pretty sure doober had tnt
let hulkshart stay
@paulmccartneyy_ i miss nevnation one cause it actually had buildings in it
i miss pipe
no i fucking dont
it took me like 5 minutes to copy and replace all that
do that command the next time you find one
i filled my sims swimming pool with fish
Irl stream of only drinking tea in the local spoons until you get kicked out
i laughed
i am making the guy from fallout 4 have a child on the sims
SHES PREGNANT
MY SIMS ARE PREGNANT
bye neville!
theres norway nevnation 4 is already here
hello smellysock
you could say its.. triabtrue
wait until it fully sinks u mug
im noticing a lack of Nevo1sDoge
does the clip i sent u work or should i do a higher quality version
it was a bit shit i’ll record it on my headphone mic
LENNYYYYYYYY
Nevnation moving stream would go hard, stick everyone on the back of wagons and head to the nearest desert
i’m so excited for the nevvys!
we should get every nevling in
can i play my music at the nevvys
can we get PIPE as a special guest
please get chris david at the nevvys
get the shyne boyz to read a nevvu
@ttvbest_fortnite_player what did you call me earlier i cant remember
its like the first chapter of red dead 2
@paulmccartneyy_ hang on my cousins called joe
fishing is sick you can catch saddles and enchanted books and shit
@anastasiabvrhausen do you always have to disagree with everything i say
IM GONNA KILL YOU
first its calling fantastic mr fox shite and now you say fishing is shit. nevo1sFuming nevo1sFuming nevo1sFuming nevo1sFuming nevo1sFuming
gimpy gimpy ginger fishing boy
that means you catch better stuff
ive got my aunty fuckall cause shes a right nasty bitch
my favourite cousin is giving me a tenner
i might just buy him a pack of fifa cards or something
do a sims 4 stream
and you’re on pc you can get all the cool custom shit
i could probably get the world record sex speedrun on the sims cause i have a couple at max love level
awwww
no The King Of Freeside and random woman he found at the gym?
dont talk about rizzo and nevo’s holes!
@bill_schitt just start spam calling him
i swear i heard someone shout OWEN
@bill_schitt do it more.
one of these days they’re gonna be dying down there and you’ll think they were shouting the cat
i think new sheffield is a better name tbf
the village u knobber
“come outside we won’t jump you i swear”
dont be rude to Anastasia you horrible boy
wii sports stream you stinky sweaty boy
whoever removed that im gonna puncture my lung cause of that
@bill_schitt is it fuck
lived here me whole life and i dont think it is
@anastasiabvrhausen tell her to drive to Newcastle and reflect on how good she has it
@paulmccartneyy_ in york? cause yorks a fucking shithole full of dickheads and i hate it i hate it i hate it
man like olaf the weaver
Chat seems active. Consider clipping this moment for nevo1st
rest in.. not pooo?
owen crews really did lose!
teleport bill schitt to the middle of nowhere in the nether
someone use their teleport to send him 1000 blocks away
@theholywaffy can you listen to my music first?
can you build a statue of me
@sneele_ hi
thats luckY
@bill_schitt easy mate!
hi sneele
theres norway you’re getting exiled again
cheers for the crystal meth there
cheers for the simple simon in bed there
@nevo1st check tiktok
I SENT IT TO U ON TIMTOK
Sesame street shirt goes hard
i know people keep messing the floor up but you really are shit at placing them
bald stream
send him to 1000 2000 3000
owen i swear to god you better stop fucking up the floor or i’m gonna do an imalexx on you
i dont think theyre sending
grandad joe after not moving in 50 years and then getting up and dancing like its going out of fashion
!sr https://youtu.be/qfG2Cs9mfh0?si=3UuVL6r7Z7buQ1D-
oh boy i wonder who made that
@paulmccartneyy_ he has fallen ill
not to be a snitch but im pretty sure doober had tnt
let hulkshart stay
@paulmccartneyy_ i miss nevnation one cause it actually had buildings in it
i miss pipe
no i fucking dont
it took me like 5 minutes to copy and replace all that
do that command the next time you find one
i filled my sims swimming pool with fish
Irl stream of only drinking tea in the local spoons until you get kicked out
i laughed
i am making the guy from fallout 4 have a child on the sims
SHES PREGNANT
MY SIMS ARE PREGNANT
bye neville!
NEVVYS
YOURE LATE YOUNG MAN
HOW DARE YOU
HOW. DARE . YOU.
YOU ARE ONE MINUTE LATE
I CAN HEAR YOU NEVILE
SPAM EVERYONE PINGS IN THE DISCORD WE NEED EVERY NEVLING
ONE MINUTE
IVE NOT BEEN THIS EXCITED SINCE I GOT MY PASSPORT BACK AFTER LOSING IT IN NEW YORK
CANT WAIT FOR ALI KINGSTON
HOLY SHIT THIS IS THE MOST PEOPLE
BIGMANCLOWN
FUCKIN HELL NEVO YOUR HEADS ON FIRE
big fan of jerome
TRIABTRUE MY GOAT
FIVOO MY OTHER GOAT
WELL DONE AVE
CONGRATULATIONS AVE
FELIPE
NEPTUNE NEDDDD
nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune
WELCOME BACK OG BIGMAN
W SOFIYE
WELL DONE
BIGMANTING PLEASE
FUCKIN HELL
PLEASE LET ME WIN
wonder who announced these
COME ON BMT
FUCK
ILL GET IT NEXT YEAR
fuck it next time i get breakfast the whole fuckin things going on the tray
well done kacie
thank you kacie!
NEXT TIME I GET BREAKFAST THE WHOLE THINGS GOING ON THE TRAY
ETHANNNN
ETHAN
BOOOOO
WE WANT ETHAN
@triabtrue :(
meant to ping charlie mb
nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing
COME ON POOO STREAM
CAN WE GET CHARLIE TO DO THE ACCEPTANCE SPEECH
BLACK MOLD BETTER BE HERE
MOLD SHOULD BE ON THE BALLOT
POOO STREAM
POOO STREAM
POO STREAM
POO STREAMM
KAYYYY
WE LOVE KAY
IN THE IRON MAIDEN SHIRT TOO
CHARLIE
WELL DONE CHARLIE
WELL DONE CHARLES
WELL DONE CHARLIE
@sneele_ WITHOUT ME?
DAVE
WE LOVE DAVE
NEVISTAN BOMBING GOT ROBBED
and not me wow
PAUL
NO WAY OWEN AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
SIGMATRUCKER THE GOAT WELL DONE
HOLY SHIT TIMO
BIG UP THETA
BIG UP SOFIYE
BIG UP HULKSHART
HOLY FUCK A LEVEL 11 HYPE TRAIN
ME FALLING ASLEEP ON MY BIG SNOWMAN
FOLKLOHRE THE GOAT
COME ON BMT
WELL JONE UJUZI
HOW DID I MAKE IT TO THE FINALS THO BAHAHAHAHAHA
FRANK
holy shit im actually tearing up
this is the best stream youve done im tearing up
we love you hagrid
better be ali
and not me? wow!
UP THE BMT
THE BMT AWARDS DROPPING 2027
U MEAN BIGMANCLOWN U NOB
UP THE BMT UP THE NEVLINGS
HOLY FUCK ROBERT
THETA SIGMA
HOLY FUCK
BIGMANTING IN THE CREDITS I LOVE YOU NEVO IM ACTUALLY CRYING 😭😭😭
youve changed my life man thanks for everything
2025 IS THE YEAR OF THE BMT IM GONNA MAKE IT BIG
EVERYONE FOLLOW NEVO EVERYONE FOLLOW SNEELE
hello owen
whys it so quiet
@nightbot bitch
@thetasigma01 you still got nothing in the bank
