@AnastasiaBvrhausen funny story that is
cant believe this so called 'funnyman' nevo1st doesnt see the humour....
my cousins dog has just had a stroke!!!
im gonna have to stop watching nevo1st because ive got food poisoning sorry guys
i was on stage with dick and dom and i said my name was butt butt and they loved me
up in butlins
@AnastasiaBvrhausen no mate im serious
i was like 5 it was in butlins
they called me bogeys at one point
can we get a bogeys on stream
thanks nevo mate very cool
pea dough in tomodachi life when
nevo pea dough stream TOMORROW 8PM GMT
too much pea dough for one night it seems...
imagine if nevo got a low taper fade xD
elito1
charlie the commentator is live
ive got tubbo blocked
raid ninja hes got a new meme trending its called the low taper fade meme its pretty funny
hello nevo! its me! dooberrrrr!
CHAT!!! PRESS 1 IF YOU WANT PIGLET TO GET NUKED!!!!!
@bigfatfattyfatso had a similar case with this one teacher his name was mr crews very strange bloke
whats gonna happen to the nevo1st channel when king ian moore passes on
nevo1st meet and greet in slough???
there is no such thing as shitting yourself its all natural better out than in i say
I LOVE TECHNOLOGY! SEND 5G RAYS THROUGH MY SCREEN!
nevo1st 5g ray attack inbound! take cover chat!
UNGRATEFUL STREAMER ANGRY AT FAN FOR SAYING HELLO?!
im ready to play nevo
seems like you need a carry from a big beast like myself
ill get you a win my child...
IM AVAILABLE!!! I CAN PLAY!!!
grrr.... youll rue this day!
poor streamer threatened by OBSESSIVE FAN!?
now watch me whip watch me nae nae
CHAT!!!! type 1 if you think nevo1st will get a victory royale this match!
YOU CANT END IVE BEEN WAITING FOR YEARS
NEVO NEVO NEVO PLEASE DONT END!!!!! I MUST GET YOU A WIN!!
WTH IC3MINI!!!
i am out doing awesome activities tomorrow ic3mini i do NOT HAVE THE TIME!!!
im just an awesome guy im just always awesome
NOOO I WANTED TO PLAY!!!
what the HELL.
ungrateful streamer drops longtime fan and subscriber to watch a MOVIE with newgens!?
@bill_schitt he better or ill rage
i couldnt play i was busy doing awesome stuff
nevofarts
nevofart nevofart nevofart nevofart nevofart nevofart
nevofart nevofart nevofart nevofart nevofart nevofart nevofart nevofart
nevofart nevofart
nevofart nevofart nevofart
nevofart nevofart nevofart nevofart nevofart
nevo fart
nevofart
nevofartt
nevofart!
HELLO NEVO.
fancy a nice ice cold glass of squash but its so much effort to get
gamming
do you take song requests mate
could do with a nice ribena
@bill_schitt would the souls in question be dark by any chance
@bill_schitt ha! r/woooosh submission right here!
has he got song requests on or something
love me long time long timeeee
what is the song request thing!!!!
!sr luke bennett drum and bass
YOU SUCK
CHAT!!! TYPE 1 IF NEVO IS BAD AT THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
if you type 2 you need to grow up honestly its just pathetic and embarrassing i think so guys like seriously come on guys
knock knock? whos there nevo nevo who nevo1st XD
YESSSS
OPPA GANGNAM STYLE
GANGNAM STYLE
nevo can you hit gangnam style for the one time
this guy sucks
this guy really sucks at this game
GANGNAM STYLE!
@ZYNXOH i love lankybox
MORE PSY!!!
ima motha fatha gentleman!!!!
whats he singing about
oh my god they named one of the horrid henry characters wheely walter cause hes in a wheelchair
dooberrrrrrr
HI NEVO CAN I PLAY NEXT
OKAY
nevo did you know im top 13 in the whole of the world ill get you a vicroy
HE DID NOT KILL ME 3 TIMES!!!!
nevo remember how i got you your victory umbrella last season with my 17 kills compared to ic3minis 1
!sr jackie down the line
just owned ave on that ol discord quiz game
@nintendogsforswitch sorry i dont speak noob
!sr gamer
grrr.....
hello nevo1st!
nevo1st what does clobbering time mean
can i be a worm please!!
me!!!
ic3mini: dooberrr should be a worm i think!
ic3mini: nevo mate make dooberr a worm i think mate
ic3mini said to make me a worm tbf i wont lie
gaming
dooberrrrrrr subscribed with Prime. They've subscribed for 3 months, currently on a 2 month streak! i love to subscribe to nevo1st!!!! i love to subscribe to nevo1st!!!! i love to subscribe to nevo1st!!!! i love to subscribe to nevo1st!!!! i love to subscribe to nevo1st!!!! i love to subscribe to nevo1st!!!!
1
if i lose im going to rage
Choo Chooo ChillGirl
hurry up.
looks a bit like you
include it in the poll
you said any mii works
that is NOT mr tumble..
YESSSSSS
heh... sucks to suck...
Thank you to all my loyal fans and voters!
if its luke bennett im gonna rage
oh ok
this is rough
this is so rough
so so rough
@SofiyeG thank you!!!!!!!
not too happy ill be honest guys thought my numerous fans had my back here
