feels like this is your second fortnite stream.. no?
@lyraawr Me!
@anastasiabvrhausen you are a wrongen
@lyraawr This is fucked.
why did you leave eminem?
is he not a man of much talent?
if you did the griddy it would be less hard
so me?
i love jamie so much every message i see from him makes me come
@lyraawr please leave me alone. freedom of speech
do you have the fortnite griddy emote ?
why is someone talking when theyre not playing? and when theyve bet against you? surely this goes against your best interests?
? this is my first impression of you btw
why would i lie ?
@bill_schitt can we kill him
this guys pretty funny!
im doing the griddy
do you fuck with ice spice
if i was there things would be a lot different
can you ask ic3mini if he has the griddy emote
Thank you
i needed this
thats a bit strange to say
i know charlie would have griddied if i asked so i cant hate him
im showing up @georgefieldtv
i only show up for fortnite streams btw
does kacie have the ability to griddy in fortnite?
thats okay but ill keep hoping for the griddy one day
we are raising money for me to fund my airstrike corporation
Jamie pleasee pleasee
Wait
HOLY SHIT
griddy griddy griddy
please gangnam style
lyraawr
are u jealous?
@quackitys_editor sounds like hes jealous..
u havent done the fortnite griddy so im on whoevers side youre not
@quackitys_editor this guy is fuming over minecraft content creators 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
hold on hold on hold on... can we switch the language ?
when i go to the club i get surrounded by birds. they form a huge circle and push me into the center and say DANCE FOR US! DANCE FOR US NOW! and i do the griddy for them all. and then i fuck them all!
i would love to be a stand by nevvy announcer
Jamie can you give birth to me?
Rizzo04 it sounds like youre in a toxic relationship with nevo1st twitch streams. maybe you should quit?
im griddying for you.
hm. speaking of challenges?
hi nevo i also have to leave ;p next time im here hope its fortnite!
YES!
what kind of griddy challenge did you mention in the stream notif?
Holy shit. holy shit
griddy griddy griddy
