finally managed to catch a stream yippee
hello :D
this sounds like my cup of tea
i am infact a tiktok viewer, i hope the wensleydale you got from asda the other day was nice
biscuit board, thoughts on bourbons?
why is she getting freaky with johnny
my partner lives off of biscuits and crisps so you've got better self control than him
nevo why is your discord pfp so scary it reminds me of the skin lady from doctor who
now ive got to watch more often thanks cheeky :P
ive got to what? :O
naughty nevo
i forgot what my twitch banner is
nahhh ur joking is it really
@nintendogsforswitch to be fair my pfp is a biblically accurate drawing of me on the loo
@nintendogsforswitch LMAO ok
ive got a fiver and a rizzler if that would convince you
shane dawson lurked on his cats thats for sure
nevo whats your opinion on shane dawsons song superluv ?
is nevo ginger or am i colourblind
nevo what are you implying that you want norton to do to you
yeah yeahh talk to the hand
i have so many other things i should be doing but im sat watching nevo
showering so im clean for work tomorrow! #ilovetkmaxx
nevo what colour are your eyes
like scary stare into your soul blue eyes
LMAO
why on earth would your mods lie to me!
:3
about as brown as garfields fur
nevo mid life crisis incoming
get that surgery that zach from the try guys had
it made him look like a chia pet
if only i could send nevo the voice message i cooked up in my head
hes the what now!
nevo running away from the nits allegations
its ok theres beautiful bald people in the world like howie mandel and jada smith
priscillas comparing you to elphaba i wouldnt be having that
nevo nevo nevo bald is brave dont worry
nevo im starting to feel really sorry for you, you get bullied a lot, its porbably because you're balding though
@FivooTM i heart reaction you :P
woahhh naughty word!
nevo would you say you're more like garfield or jon from the hit franchise garfield
i bloody hate mascots one scared the shit out of me at the zoo once
nevo be realistic the manager in the back signed it all
he got them ALL to show up for YOU
i never went on holiday growing up because i live by the bloody sea
i hate the 31 bus stupid STUPID BUS!
i dont mean to be an attention hog but new nevo art just dropped!
i think ive redeemed myself with my new nevo art icl
thank you anastasia
love you
no homo
it felt empty down there
it was toenails or nike pros
well i didnt take art in college for two years for nothing
its cause hes orange and you're ginger
made sense in my head
@HulkShart i work at a tkmaxx and someone returned a cool asf garfield jumper
i wanted to buy it so bad but i need to be #responsible
i dont think i have anything to be sorry for you got free art from me
uhmmm nevo schizo alert i was being addressed not you???
@AnastasiaBvrhausen anywayyy ignoring him, thats so real actually i bought all my christmas presents from work this year so
@AnastasiaBvrhausen i think i spent 80 in total on 4 people but some of the money was spent on myself
the bargains there though
love my job, begging i stay after christmas
oh my god i can tts?
:)
Cheer100 baldy baldy over there you've got lice in your hair!
can we clip nevo realising he isnt actually balding
https://www.twitch.tv/nevo1st/clip/GrossMoralPelicanAMPEnergy-9keqmJrH4TZdDZH2
twitch is robbing me of money
im paying for the bits and its not bloody going through
Cheer100 nevo nevo nevo, chicken bake or double chunk chocolate cookie or mini haddock meal skibidi toilet ohio smiley face
the chip shop diva doesnt want you
gimp
@AnastasiaBvrhausen does that entail nevo on the toilet? cause i could draw that theoretically cause ive drawn myself on the loo before
nevo nevo nevo, its nothing bad! its just like.. just like my profile piccy, have a cheeky look
i'll trace my original drawing
Cheer100 this is my last dono because i need my money for the bus to work, but give me one good reason as to why drawing you on the bog shouldnt be done
those in favour of the nevo bog drawing say i
will i get banned if i draw nevo on the bog
i fear im already attached to this chat
NO DONT END YET
I HAVE SOMETHING TO SHOW YOU
Cheer100 CHECK ARE BEFORE YOU GO
ART
we're twinnin
its cause i showed up
thats why its so brilliant
love you chicken'
hey chickens
ding dingaling
i bet you havent washed that jumper
gimp
thats too far the jumper is nice
ME ME ME !!!
*raises hand cutely ughghbghghhgyhg*
hello smellvo
trying to play minecraft you gimpy gimp
hes gonna put you on the naughty list gimp
nice my arse
HAHAHAHAHA
this hurts my soul
neville longbottom
yeah neville
not taking it seriously because of all that gillyweed you've been huffing
silly neville longbottom
GAGGGGGED
LOL
HOW
nevo stop getting freaky with santa
gimpy gimpy nevo bou
nevo im not bullying you im getting you bloody flowers
so all my flowers were for nothing
nighty night nevo!
i have belief for the nevnation
love you sofiye <3
bye nevita!
mute up boss
LMAOO
WTH
NEEEEEVOO 1ST
hello mr nevvy announcer!
LOOL
GINGER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LMAO?
YAYYY!!!
YIPPEE!! YIPPEE!!! WHEYY
YAY!!!!!!!!
#INSPIRATIONALQUOTE
LMAOOOO
wilbur ate the camera!
WHAT
NO WAY
FAIRS
LOOOOL'
SKIIIIBIDI!!
POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae
nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae
THANKS FOR THE BEAUTIFUL SONG
LOOOOOOOOOL
baileys makes him burpy!!
GET HIM OUTTTTT BOOO!
grim
FARTMITE
BOOOOO off the stage!
el cine!
nevo moviestarplanet...that will expose the fact that ive got a year vip on it
weed farm?
or am i deaf
get away from me you imbred
nevo the type of guy to use yubo
hi chat
did you hear about that bloke who gets freaky with his cars exhuast pipe
exhaust*
hi nevvy nevo!!!! :D
jingle balls jingle balls
christmas discord noises!!!!
hello smelly sneele
FIXED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sneeles big and round like a christmas pudding
thats a really shit spag bol
its a FRUAD!
FRAUD
I can spell
no pigs in blankets
brother pulled that from tiktok!
of course hes talking about the bloody fish again
chicken with the skin on no?
jamie ginger tory and womanless pick a problem :(#
im kidding jamie
its literally just chicken with the skin on it
POTATO PEELINGS? its a parsnip nevo
NEXT!
theta sigmas autism food
woowww sneele
is that bloody celery
celery on the christmas dinner
mate went to toby carvery
house like dr house
my friends are watching house right now
and im watchign nevo
white person chicken
grim
prawn cocktail my bloody arse nevo
my nan gets better pre mixed stuff in her tesco shop
C?
if thats a c tier im shitting bricks for mine
spunk thats been festering
the sausages look undercooked imo :(
the pigs in blankets look undercooked
but the meal itself looks lengers
tasha feed me this pls cheers
i voted a give me it NOW
CONTEXT FOR MINE, THE TURKEYS UNDER THE FOOD CAUSE IT WAS DISHED UP WEIRD :(
ITS PARSNIPS
lucy as in me lucy
i was drinking a j20 because of my smasher night a couple days before
@JamieEC thanks jamie family of 5 innit
@SofiyeG my mother burnt them i cant lie BUT THEY DIDNT TASTE BURNT
yeah the broccoli was shite i wont lie
what
i'll take a B
:D
wtf??
YOU SAID B
WHAT
good.
i knew the j20 would help
am i not able to send a voice donation with bits anymore
Cheer100 its me gromit, nevos holding me hostage, he does naughty things to me, help me help please!
where did sneele rank nevos dinner?
Cheer100 sneele im going to come over there and choke your sock puppet throat because how on earth is his better than mine?
mine had a bloody j20
his didnt
bye nevnation playing ow
@SofiyeG bernd da brot from germany
@SofiyeG i love when he says mist and that he hates his life
its still bloody going?
Cheer100 please its me, gromit, nevo keeps forcing me to clean his feet and suckle his toes, please save me
of course he plays the keyboard
nothing bad
Cheer100 nevo do you own bugs life on blu ray
what the actual fuck :(
nah
he just doesnt own bugs life on blu ray
shame on him
Cheer100 you look a bit like dobby to be honest, hi chat love you all :P
DOBBO
Cheer100 nevo your sausage fingers are scaring me
Cheer100 Cheer100 Cheer100 Cheer100 Cheer100  smash him then
no fun for you!
ive just given you content now i have a league game to play
Cheer100 cant believe you abused dobby like that, clip was funny worth the bits
forth the fiver
WORTH
keep blurry cam for hands no
dobbys arse
dobby oh plobby you are very soppy
#poetry
i havent been on the gin believe it or not but i DID buy a new bottle
i bought the bombay presse lemon flavour and mixed with lemonade it tastes like cloudy lemonade
i have like very minimal recollection 😭
@SofiyeG uhhh im not really the person to ask but any like lemon flavoured gin is good imoc ause most gin is quite soapy flavoured
@AnastasiaBvrhausen cretin, pink gin is the worst
@SofiyeG nppp :D <3
Cheer100 holy shit he looks like dobbys cousin robby holy shit its ugly as fuck
stiffer than a board jesus
his eyes look like he goes to anime conventions
i found a mcflurry that i put in the freezer im so gassed
i fear as to what nevo is gonna do to dobby
:(
hi nevo!!
didnt say hi back fake streamer
hi nevvy neville!
my unfinished house is best build on the server
its because a certain someone started blowing it up so me and fivo tried to just plug up the water
just a couple problems
uhh
some true wisdom
and uhh
some NOT
the uhh non wisdomed group
ITS VERY BIG!
nevo can you tell panglewang to stop shitting in the courtroom and to hold his bowls
ok yknow what its panglewangs world and we are just living in it
i had fun when there wasnt a gimpy fellow taking my bundle
cant believe this was my first nevnation!
Cheer100 nevo, nevo, let down your gimpy ginger hair!
its like rapunzel!
but nevo
gimpy ginger burpy bbaileys boy
crusty crusty nevo boy
get a gamersupps code
hydrate yourself
@mcmental22 its the way we show streamer our love :)
@mcmental22 he denies being ginger
@mcmental22 hes got the belly for it
why rip tomadachi life D:
omg shrek in the backrooms
nevo you seem to need therapy because you've lost all sense of yourself :(
dont cry mate :(
i might call you ginger but i couldnt bare see my streamer cry
charlie needs to change the permissions of his private server so people with the link can join
@ttvbest_fortnite_player go into the settings of your priv server theres a setting in there relating to it
may thou get the server link
add me back charlie
>:(
oh D:
@ttvbest_fortnite_player did you figure out the setting though for ur priv server regardless
@ttvbest_fortnite_player if you put the link in for next round everyone should be able to join through it now in that case
faceless
@ttvbest_fortnite_player oh damn
the arrows
go into the colour changer and then the arrows
for different parts
oh nvm
nevo when its ur turn go: humpty dumpty :) and they'll get it or whatever
hooker shoes
yassify humpty dumpty
they turned humpty dumpty woke
hes practically got his tits out
i was gonna say tampon but like
bit far innit
@sQuirm1610 unironically watching it with my man later
whats going on tomorrow nevo!
I MADE IT GINGERT
IT WAS PART GINGER PART BROWN
CLIP
hello neville!
and me durrr
thanks nevvy poos
can you play us a tune streamer man
woah anastasia
thats so real!
nevo i think to get your hydration up cause you complain about your lips getting dry every stream you should add a water reward for us
you can be like a little flower and we can hydrate you
hes enjoying that
well dont bloody chew it
YAYY SHREK!!!
HI SOFIYE <3
irl stream and nevo plays pikmin walk or whatever
pussy
LMAOOO
nevo do a just dance stream
@SofiyeG probably couldnt even do the stanky leg
kahoot stream
right so how the fuck has this happened
i went away for like an hour or two
and now hes noshing off simon in fortnite
guys 😭
BUSSY
Cheer100 nevo 1st oh nevo 1st how we all love you, nevo 1st oh nevo 1st please tell us when you (will do a poopy stream!)
is it though
bet simplesimon would do it
hiiii though guys :D
hehe hihihi
how long is this fight jesus christ
im a robeats pro i would be so good at this
oh em gee my nevo gifted sub ends in four days
what am i going to do
lets all do a peasants revolt against simple simons manager
she puss on my boots
haha its called comedy!
nevo i forgot to respond to you on tiktok earlier but the thing you were supposed to guess was the fact that i now have a king sized bed
Cheer100 boing boing boing...haha didnt see you there...im just bouncing up and down on my new king sized mattress...but you wouldnt understand
POOR!!! POOR!!!1
im kidding..i did have a single bed until i spent my big girl money
dont eyeroll me you gimp
bet you dont know what it feels like to work retail at christmas
i worked hard for that money
i dont want sympathy from you
Cheer100 i hope you get nibbled by a rat in the paris catacombs, gimpy ginger garfield offspring
we have beef now
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izGwDsrQ1eQ
..
Cheer100 my favourite scene from harry potter is when rons bird thinks he wants her when hes in a coma but hes saying hermiones name
owens fursona would be a red panda
GET AWAY
FROM MY SCREEN
hes given my computer a bug
the scene where ron and hermione are arguing over him not inviting her to the yule ball
anastasia you read some interesting fanfiction
link?
Cheer100 when i hear this song all i can think about is the annoying fucking beaver from the nero cafe advert. also lip scrub to exfoliate you're welcome
find a sugar based lip scrub
yeah im a genius, be nice about my mattress next time
i didnt say ask
i said be nice
1
oop
made the joke before we could
@SofiyeG fr hes such a gimp
pink would look nice on you nevo
would compliment the ginger strands
nevo we need more point rewards
nevo just commit animal abuse
wth
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izGwDsrQ1eQ
WOAH?
i tune in for a second
and nevos talking about how kacie gets off
so not pg13
roblox karaoke on top!
caseoh plays roblox and hes just a fatter version of nevo
omg its like ping pong!
nevo #squadupwithme
@luigimangione2024 course he is
nevo whats ur fortnite name
add me back neville :(
neville i want to join"
3975,sammydodgers01,,bark for us"
search octo game DURRR
https://www.twitch.tv/nevo1st/clip/ObedientAthleticGullPartyTime-97Mqr1Ji5acddMsL
dirty dirty nevo
nevo1sS
nevo can you do an irish dance for us
it would be more entertaining'
cause we wanna see simon x nevo
im good
knocking isnt kills
GARFIELD KART
OMG
LET M,E INSTALL UT
which one is it
i have both
i want to play me me me !!
LMAOO
RETURN IT QUICK
return it to get your money back
you can buy it and then refund it
Cheer100     ive sent you a riveting tiktok neville
it reminds me a bit of you!
its very wholesome
i love fortnite get me in!
i cant shoot a gun to save my life!
ME!!
if i were a kangaroo id kick you for that aussie impression
wtf have i come back to
get on the bevvys nevo
nevo are you hopping in call tonight
have a bevvy for you pain and suffering mate
your*
chin chin i'll have a gin
