nevo stay very still i’m about to snipe you
manchester airport is such a special place, i met tom hanks there
i lied nevo1sSmiles
yea weirdly he was just wandering about aimlessly and he had a different accent to what i expected @folklohre
mod review for me : really good mod but also mostly useless nevo1sFuming
mods are just like you.. we’re just chatters who are wiser and trustworthy and also nevo sends us a good morning text every day
PLAY AMONGUS XMAS
when the streamer leaks the code
i enjoyed it until the poll was 100% vote out kcpain <3
streamer brags about having “A Lot” of money
when the streamer leaks the code ! well he just might like to know !
BisexualPride nevo (cos bi.. get it) nevo1sSmiles
this is jonas brothers not busted
i’m not ready for stream yet. end stream. WAIT. for. Me.
NEVO YOULL NEVER GUESS WHAT
I GOT BANNED FOR SAYING I WAS UNDERAGE IN REFERENCE TO MY VOICE
FUCKS SAKE WHEBN WILL I LEARN
I FORGOT
im so stupid LOL
im gonna get my account bACK YET
paulmccartney will return !
IM REALLY THAT FORGETFUL AND DUMB
give her thinner lips
mate ystop pronouncing her nqme wrong
the tiktok will go viral as ragebait for that pronounciation
MATE I VOICENOTED YOU THE PRONOUNCIATION AND THEN GOT BANNED AND YOUR STILL SAYING IT WRONG
NOT EL-FA-BUH. ELF-UH-BUH
I might not appeal my account.. cos its asking for my IP... and thats creepy.
BUT I HAD 25K CHANNEL POINTS
wow i speedrun being MOD!
yea but I don't know my own ip
change the hair why does she look bald
she needs a middle part
she leaked her nhs records and it revealed all sorts of diseases from not washing
FAMOUSLY she doesnt wash
MATE i got my account banned and ur still saying it WRONG.
i didnt want to be BULLIED for my high voice. thought id get to the joke first.
dont deadname shes trans
M M M MOUSE TIME
THE VOICE IS SO ACCURATE
cant wait for the tiktok of just wrong wrong wrong name being said
i will forgive you if you SEND proof youve bought it
I can see another blurry cam bestie
guys im starting to realise im perhaps sexist. all these boys are the same
i miss paul mccartney so much. kacie payne is so vulnerable.
yay!
hes not buying it on stream anymore.
GOODNIGHT NEVLINGS N CO.
i hope Paul comes back.
NIGHT NEVO. i also love your family
Its Chewsday Innit
WHO IS THE NEW PAUL... AFTER I GOT BANNED AS PAUL/// an attack
why on earth are you 22 andeating pepperamis
you make it so hard to be a fan of your streams
ive got ringworm
how do you get juicewrld... is it effort or not
EPIC im gonna get juicewrld
ELFABUR AGAIN
why idd you feed nintendogs chocolate... its poison
You can make it if you want. but all my channel points have died... and i think rizzo would kill me
all my channel points are on PAUL MCCARTNEYY_ i miss it
Ive appealed Twice. theyre so slow
why did you HAVE to be bare foot
nevo1sSmiles hey there yorkshire. we chuffin luv ya
we could clubbing in barnsley york or rotherham yea
IM PANICKIN cos Am gonna lose me job
wait. i didnt know you moved in to a house after marriage
whether they are muslim, christian or Hinduism
shall we do a little key shall we have a little line? (CHARLI XCX)
MONEY SAVING EXPERT MARTIN LEWIS
paidhacks forgotten
just found out its if you log in today you get juicewrld tomorrow for free :( I thought it was instant.
GO ON FORTNITE STILL so you get the skin
i have ringworm is that relevant?
russel brand plays a druggie hippy troll is great movie called trolls
i just googled worms and i only saw real worms
the worms are ugly af
they look like a foot on the poster
bless you but why did you sneeze on her sticky pandoro
@bigfatfattyfatso if nintendogs were here youd be timed out for that. watch your back.
if i had my old account id murder  that History teacher with all my channel points nevo1sSmiles
i fell for it:( actions have consequences
2001 . i remember because she did 9/11!
@SofiyeG yep .
Lets pack this miis oerder. they oerdered cold medicine. hairspray dye, and a feather to sneeze.
my hair is BLUE! im a liberal!
you cant have two.. syas the gingerwhos half grey.
happy birthday by the way nevo
I SAW THE BALD SPOT
what if nevo got a Low Taper Fade!
can u kill sneeles mum now
yea must be really good glue they use on your toupee then
i started collecting my hair to make an extention but it pissed me off too much cos it made me itchy
anastasia.
WAIT SOFIYE IS THAT UR ACTUAL BIRTHDAY?
@SofiyeG omg youre one day older than me nevo1sSmiles
@ic3mini nevo1sFrowns
@AnastasiaBvrhausen ^ yes
neville yours was ww2 day because it was 1940 and the airraid sirens rung fr
you have a birthday everyday? how can you be one year older than me when youre 60
we had a plague day i but refused to wear fake boils cos they looked grim.
there was a 12 year old here once. no one knows the pipe lore.
god what an interesting time for a raid
Odd Owen
@everyone new webcam besties
BOOcanon
a girl at my school said she was jamaican but anaemic so she was white. also she was jamaican by marriage LOL
new top gifter. Rip folklohre
i always turned over channel when art attack started.
make a tiktok of this. THMMMMPT:p. thats a fart sound.
i miss paul so much, that felt like such a personal disappointment
THATS NOT WHAT HARRY SAID. ITS AVES RESPONSE TO HARRY DIMWIT
bring back termite impression this stream is getting me Sleepy
im wide awake!
dont dox me though pls ill POO
Oh sorry i forgot thats banned word
yea show the drawing i dont mind
I cant believe im getting a free mii cos my face is so plain it'd be easy to make""
bro i thought you bought the whiteboard for this
can u write a smiley above it so im on the good side of the board pls
RAID. hi raiders ! nevo1sSmiles
kacie pain aka  ME AKA paulmccartneyy_
Right immediately suicidal with that chin
follow my tiktok if you want to see me looking NOT like diary of a wimpy kid
martin lewis kacie pain is literally my dox
i didnt even pay for this mii. i just got it for looking easy to make""
@nintendogsforswitch feel free
LOL
this is me. apparently
Its okay im not getting offended LOL
@Rizzo04 He drew me and said You look like an easy mii to make" then Had a breakdown on stream trying."
jacob elordi
Oops
did you like ncuti gatwa?
beatles episode was SO mid
unironically how i feel about taylor swifts new musIC too LOL. someone tell that woman no.
boring? shes more serious than her smiles let on though
i dont get why martins always in character but hamzah chills. it puts me on edge
OH MY GOD
Im actually a bit sad about how you treated my appearance today.
NOT JACKBOX.
ill never forget when u lied polls are anonymous.
fivoo sweats but he doesnt harrass people so he doesnt get voted
you deserved that humiliation
that is so GRIM
i told you ive got ringworm but you were like Yuck i dont need to know
thats not me i dont think
guewfee
ITS LOUD
if you buy me a pc then ill buy worms? good dela
girl remember what you said yesterday about being loud now you have more viewers... ur doing it again. but the music is loud too
!sr diet pepsi
!sr brand new bitch
MANNEEEEEY
!sr rainbow connection
I don't know WHAT GAME THIS IS PLS REMOD BILL SCHITT IM SURPRISIED IM ASKING TOOO
!game eurotruck simulator
i thought you decided to stop p**ing when you realised charlie was a child and your poo brother
1
ram jamie
!sr Love song beabadoobee
nevo can you stop by my house while youre in my ends
jamies dead chuffed with himself rn
youve ruined the amazing mancunian exports of vimto and shit bands
YUCK
lol
WHAT ORDER IS THIS PLAYNG IN i only just queued this
say ayo b u got snap or wot""
Sheffield is where Pulp is from nevo1sSmiles
yea how can i make someone fall in love with me unconditionally without ever interacting with them and also i dont want to love them back
it appeals. i want to have disciples like jesus
@UjuziCC been there done THAT
this is very useful stuff thank you. but i wont be moving to the midlands but i will start a cult
You read it wrong as per durrrbrain
WHO HAS A SUASAGE ROLL WITH GRAVY?
JUST HAVE A PIE AT THAT POINT.
when you thoughtyoud get your period
youve just NEAR crrrrashed into me
SOCKS IS WORSE
no way is a sock flushable
!sr brand new bitch
apparebtly rgeres 17 songs in queue
!sr you belong with me
STOP TALKING ABOUT SHIT
ma names ujuzi and a laike ma porridge int mornin
Night Night nevo. something about this sausage roll song is a lullabye to me
you lowkey hate all games
nevo i feel travelsick watching this
WHERES UR PASSPORT LAD
oh not the sausage roll song pls pls pls
i cant do it again i cant do it again
Im half dead rn and i hate ladbaby
https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/music/news/ladbaby-christmas-songs-backlash-politics-sausage-rolls-b2640942.html
THIS IS AWFUL
cheese on wheels
im acshully so drained of ladbaby
i like the glee version of this song
make your car bonnets kiss
I hate sausage rolls. i hate pastry
LOL
will you ever change your profile picture
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Khq4ZOgpZg0
VEWY CLOSE NEVO
save our souls!
will you retire
ROAD RRRRAGE
nintendogs it was an actual thing nevo said like a truckpart or something
this is like two cousins bickering over a joint present from their nan at christmas
i was actually sick at making mcflurrys. so generous with quantity and gorgeous swirls
guys and girls is such an ick. like personally i think guys should just be gender neutrak
anyone who ever refilled mcdonalds milkshake should know the smell and never drink one again
its so cheesy
!game barji kart
one step ahead. i am always one step ahead.
meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
i do not like the tattoo. do you not feel ashamed of it. Its such weird placement.
oh my god fivoo. what the frick?""
Tomayto
neville at first i thought you drove off the edge on purpose it was that bad
become an arts and crafts streamer
Never draw me again u meanie
I LIKED THE DRAWING and then today you basically called me an Alien pebbledash freak
its a race. did you want them to hold your hands?
i like the drawing but the mii was a car crash
im so very excited for nevnation 4
im gonna build a diamond house
dont take it back :)
ive got a morbid curiosity about worms
BURN!
so rude to insult a chat members dead mum
mate
stevie wonder could do better
when will you add a deji emote
deji actually made a luke bennet mii first try
shouldnt you be a mouse by now
thatas triab false
can you play AMONG US SONG PLS
ONE AMONG US CHRISTMAS SONG
he wont be live tomorrow!
night nevo nevo1sFrowns nevo1sSmiles  not as good a song as Among us christmas
blue venting in the med bay!
NEW FALL GUYS MAP MID
prosper ano fall guys map
i want to step into christmas. but im worried about the fee for admission..
WEEKS?
L L L Low Taper FADE
nevo im eating a malteser while watching, is that alright?
fivoo and fin are good.. nevo not so much
YOU CHEATED.
well
why do you spawn in first when youre such a liability
i can't tell the difference between these guys VOICES
i need fin to start grumbling like its midnight
i cant believe fin is northern(ish) hes so posh sounding
^
ITS TRIOS SPEEDRUN. you werent invited next stop bickley aka charlie
i just know nevo will fall at the last hurdle
NO NO NO WILBUR TODAY
will nevnation 4 have the steve vaping mod
ETHAN SAY GUM DISEASE
nevo speedruns are Epic.
just found out deji is ONLY 6 years older than me nevo1sSmiles  i thought he was 30
its making me feel existential dread, im nothing like deji
youre GONNA DROWN BEFORE TRIAB TRUE JOINS
is this fin or triab true, my granny with dementia is asking
anastasia if we get a speedrun turn i think we should skip the dragon and go to straight to American Dream
I MEANT AMERICAN DREAM LIKE KIDS AND MARRIAGE NOT LIKE DREAM OF DREAM SMP
DIDNT MEAN TO PIN OWT. ITS HARD BEING MOD SOMETIMES.
sorry guys i Love nevo parasocially. i would pspspsps at him like a cat in a street irl
IRON EVERYWHERE" me when my house is made of linen and its Wrinkly"
you tried to fill in a wall with lava with sneele. like some of thats on you bestie
TRIAB TRUE ARRIVED
56 year old grandad plays minecraft with grandsons!
aw bless theyve got joint custd
custody* -__
when i was a kid my nan would go into betting shops and id wait outside all alone. reminds me of nevo near the furnaces
@SofiyeG LOL
My favourite part of the speedrun was when 1/2 capable players werent in game for 20 minutes
u killed john? pipe is unban requesting as we speak
im trying to make a nevnation 4 skin rn but im feeling uninspired -_-
`STOP SAYING MEAT HARVESTING
@ymeou if i wasnt mod id block you for that nevo1sSmiles
technically ... he spent 10 mins starting stream and then dying in his first world
ITS A TAYLOR SWIFT SONG
me in my divorce :(
dont talk to ujuzi like that Nevo
UR RUBBISH
a temporary base. where youre hiding alone. while triabtrue and fivoo work
someone took my gunpowder from my mob farm lowkey
cole? like palmer? hes not in minecraft he plays football. did you hit your head?
hi quackitys editor thanks for the follow
123456789
0121
dunno mate im not on your world rn
i like your style i like your class
can you get deji on stream ?
can we invite comedy shorts gamer to the nevo discord?
nevo for my attempt can i be in creative. i could probably kill the ender dragon if i was
Hes using a vpn nevo1sFrowns
NEVO LIKE A CHILD WATCHING HIS DAD SOLDIER AWAY TO WAR
be carefullll >:(
guess rn if im thinking of mints or mince.
try swimming in the lava and see what happens. im just curious
wow reminds me of a chat i saw earlier
i need the mods to unionise asap. Ic3mini and bill are also invited as mod spokesperson and prime nevo hater
free labour is one thing But stealing jokes is hurtful and disrespectful
can you die now so its less of a time investment when you die in an hour instead ? x
cant wait for you to fall into lava and die:D
eat the blue stuff and see what happens i reckon
And so i face.... the final curtain
Pls remove the broadcaster badge on Nevo1st chats while youre at it
THE PIG HAS A WEBCAM
That was funny IP leaker
I was quoting the IP dynmaps leaker u scruff
swim through the lava to get there duh
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NEVO
hi chat whats everyones favourite crisp flavour
i like salt and vinegar but also bbq ones. also im eating thai sweet chilli rn
omg im YAWNing rn. anyone else YAWNing. need a little rest i think
may his memory be a blessing
i reckon just die now and save urself the effort x
dig with your porkchop agaim
my mum is asking you to use your inside voice. says shes getting a migraine
get the machine gun mod
Uh
This is very exciting stuff! flame. porkchop. flame. porkchop. flame. porkchop.
We". girl ur in the shadows"
yea we know youre 70
the nether makes me think of baked beans? anyone else see orange lava and think baked beans? I do! on bowsers castle i think of baked beans too.
@lyraawr greggs x minecraft collab. bean pasty aka magma cube
https://www.twitch.tv/nevo1st/clip/HandsomeBoxyMomGrammarKing-ls8Nqj7AcbTlNfvc
please just die now and save us all the effort. Pls streamer. how many gifted to die?
lol rizzo that made ma actually laugh out loud
I didnt vote. i hate democracy. it fills me with anxiety. Free will is a curse.
NOTHING irriates me more than when chat move when youre trying to pin
i pinned it !
does anyone wanna meet up irl and sit in a circle and hold hands and chant curses on the more unpleasant nevlings?
killing myself if i dont get best mod fr
thats my sentence
i should get best mod cos im unemployed. mod is all i have, mod is all i am. i love mod. i think mod loves me.
look where ur going mate
paul mccarney is also a good mod shame the account got SUSPENDED
@lyraawr omg yea
think about when nevo made rizzo a mii and zooming into his nipples and asked for his weight
rizzo he insulted my appearance yesterday during mii making. i think vc3 will be therapy session for the nevo victims tonight
@Rizzo04 you dont have to apologise for crying, its a safe space.
LOL
give them a roll? youre giving them a bread barm in exchange for all that work? werd
nevo when gifted subs
YOURE RUBBISH.
im in the thick of it and everybody knows
im starting to make accounts as we speak!
WHO IS THIS DIVA <3
STOP ACCUSING PEOPLE OF STUFF. SOMETIMES PEOPLE ARE JUST YOUNG
this is my 10th time watching
i had to bookmark amongus christmas album it was such faff to find it everyday (i listen everyday)
bye the_scratch2
first gay-ming? then meat mashing? sus
can you whitelist Dream. hes pretty quick at speedrunning itd probably help
we are never ever ever Going to the Nether!
Beans n burgers
I even gonna hit- ooop.
if i go live rn and stream paint drying on a wall whod watch nevo1sSmiles
psych ward white paint
DONT TSLK ABOUT IC3MINI
twitch asked me for my IP and I GAVE IT TO THEM!!! i put it in the tubbo chat because @twitchHQ_ asked me to
fin says that but he read out his ID and bank details in vc Multiple times
surprising my viewers with a knock at the door
no he whispers at midnight
woke up my wife she said she wanted a divorce smh
deji is 27 btw
9 December 1996 ITS SOON
WOW
nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sBosh nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sSmiles
UR WILBUR IN UR SCREENIE IDIOT
MINE IS 829!
rip. fivogaming.
i heard that was a secret chord. that david played and it pleased the lord.
nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS  we still dont hav WhiteGirlNevo
nevo1sS  nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS
OH GOD WHY
okay ave and lucie want jackbox so i want jackbox
play jackbox but only your favourite chatters get the code
ic3mini get ont screenshare NOW
do a reaction to our ai summaries
Im so unique. i talk like winnie the pooh lowkey
HI NEVOGUESSER I AM KACIEPAIN!
BITCH
WHY WOULD YOU CALL ME STUPID
ME.
you read it wrong but nice try
ICEMINI SCREEN SHARE.
can i join jackbox or is it not allowed for me to join? whos allowed to join? whats the rules for joining?
me when i put sommert as a joke. and its taken sincerely.:(
schmidty kill yourself meta is so dead
film nighters are gonna love this one!
yes
this is wild? can my mum pick me up pls. i dont fell safe
i was appealing to audience. wise trick
my history teacher was called that fr too ave
this is some pinnochio gipetto TYPE SHIT
my nevoguessr ai said i have an interest in games, culture and nevos personal life -_-
vote me for best mod nevvy !!!!!! nevo1sSmiles
@bill_schitt :/mademewin
i saw you cry when you choked on a vape last summer
THIS ONE IS SO LAME. bUT LIKE. i ran out of time, meh.
thanks ave i liked your quiplash
dont call the villagers meat weirdo
i'm excited for nevnation 4. i made my skin and it is me in a tie. i love formal wear.
5/8! yay im average! i try to blend and i cope
We? i dont even have that installed? you couldve asked me first
this stream ruined my evening. hope ur happy. GOODNIGHT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctTLLZ-YDN0&t=149s
get to bed already JEEZ
