Hey nevo1st! How's that Luigi Mangione friend of yours?
guys luigi mangione is nevo1sts fall guy!
@lyraawr he was actually in the stream on the 4th of december 2024! what a real fan!
Hello guys!
do you guys remember that nevo1st stream on wednesday 4th december in the hours 11am-4pm! good times!
shame about that ceo right guys
theres an imposter framing me for the death of a ceo
hello guys!
luigi mangione in da house!
@ttvbest_fortnite_player pretty good
went to this one the other day there was rats in there it was gross
do an impression of everyones favourite viewer! luigi mangione!
that impression sucks
@Tashathetwat please
this is my twitch name until march
i would stream but my conditions say that im legally not allowed to! sorry friends!
worst bit ever
@paulmccartneyy_ sexu drag queen and hash browns
i got my mum weed! ho ho ho!
i bought my mum some health insurance
ough my back hurts chat
can??? can you do me a favour and shut up nevo1st? XD
kray twins
twerk sexy boy
twinky boy twerk for me i need some jail entertainment
@UjuziCC boring mate im waiting for this little twerky twerk boy to twerk it hard for me on stream
how many bits is it for tts
Give me some of that cheddar. Some of that dough. Some of that paper. Some of those smackaroons. Some of those dubloons. Some of those pesos. Some of that moolah. Some of that juicy scrill.
twerky boy yuh yuh yuh
you know what would be poggers? a little bit of twerking
hes just made £15 because hes so stubborn about his twerking rule
guys we need to stop
only huge lump sums of money from here on out
bye perm boy twerk twerk perm boy
twerky perm
twerk that thang
you should twerk it
twerk instead
have i got news for you
twerknation season 3
hurry up and end perm boy
i cant join tonight i just remembered ive got 4 essays due for tomorrow!
can you build a shrine in my honor
thanks
youre now on my safe list
i hate essays!!
nevo can i join your faction
what version is it on nevofirst
can i join too
holy fuck check bmw twitter account
nevo please check the bmw twitter account it is HILARIOUS!
can i reserve myself a plot of land
hey remember that one weirdo in call talking about nevo twerk videos? i think he has a point! just a  thought though dont take it the wrong way!
cant believe this guy got me to prank call kfcs in hull
yea hes been banned already
twitch channel terminated loooooool
@FivooTM cause ive done somethings to the twitch ceo
can we make a gamervoid shrine
can i be jury
i started lolling at that unironically
my game keeps crashing lol xD
IM off to play minecraft with my college friends nevo.
im on another world with my college friends i havent been on for the last 15 minutes
@nintendogsforswitch was filling it in  boss
I AM ON BEDROCK
@paulmccartneyy_ ban me for what its not me
can we have a job where you get paid to open doors
HES LAAAAATEEE
i dont really like this
i didnt really like that
lebron james hairline
lebron jame hairline watching the nevvys
wallace!
RIGGED!!! RIGGED!!!!
RIIIIGGEDDDDD!!!!!
RIGGED WHERES MY NOMINATION
GAY MEN SPREADING META
mmmm...
BOOOOO
WHEEYYYYY
YESSS
YESSSSSS
before you end stream can i get your honest thoughts and opinions on fridge friends bit
nevo thoughts on fridge friends bit from yesterday
i love the fridge friends
please dm me to discuss the parliament building!
goodnight!!
Hello christmasvo1st
someones put on some #christmasdinnerweight! big boy!
fart too many sprouts XD!!!! XD!!!
what was the final tier list
okay film boy
nice arms lego boy
will the tasha the twat segment bit be making its debut this stream
tasha the twat segment is incredible
lets go bunting mental
Logging onto nevnation! Hope my house hasn't blown up!
Hope nobody spawned in 1137 entities at merry mount! LOL! What a catastrophe that would be!
nevo mate do you like my felipe canizales impression
nevo have you got garfield kart
IVE GOT A SUBJECT
my specialist subject is illicit drugs
ho ho ho!
!sr geek usa
NO!!!! MY SONG REWQUEST!!!
!sr geek usa
this sucks
bad reputation joan jett
have you got garfield kart nevo
fancy a race
tell me why upon me asking if you fancied a garfield kart race my pc had an aneurism
does anyone else have garfield kart furious racing
does anyone want to race me and nevo on garfield kart
nevo whats your steam!! for garfield kart!!
mate you said youd race me on there what the hell
accept my steam friend request
its a red hot chilli pepper at that!!!
little music joke for the musicians in chat
i love wonderland system
thats genius i love the wonderland system
sooo cozy on garfield kart nevo when are you coming
garfield kart time!
youre just scared of my skill
i sent you a request
ziggy zig zag
i vote yes guys
guys why are people voting no lol ha
democracy is dead
SAVE IT
2 MORE YESSES
youre in for it next time mate
boooo dont care just end
stop stalling
hello garfield kart boy
you cant hide forever mate
hello fifa 12 boy
you cant hide forever mate
hey uhh nevo i didnt want to bring this up on stream but can you please stop trying to bribe me not to destroy you on garfield kart?? just because you clearly suck doesnt mean you can pay me not to embarrass you on stream
im waiting for you to accept my friend request steam boy
now unfollow guys!!!
garfield kart time i think
you havent added me back pal
ugh!
i am STREAMSNIPING YOU!!!
M
ME
i win guys sorry !
shoutout girthygamer63
HE SPOKE TO ME!!!
WOWWW
me and luxembourgz are going to win
can i join the lobby at some point
me and luxembourgz just won in the game that you DITCHED us in
if he needs a carry then you know who to ask just saying mate
can i join
can i join after morcou
CAN I JOIN
girthygamer cameo
needed my picture
ask him if hes coming on the lads trip to shagaluf
he had sepsis
LOOOOL
what about me
PRETEND YOU SHIT YOURSELF
pretend you shit your pants
do your felipe canizales impression he will love that
simple simons got me added on fortnite!!
can we do garfield kart cause me and luxembourg won the game that you left us in
alright gimpy gimp boy
kill...
end stream
fortnite!!!
fortnite time
!sr suck my 401k
clear the queue
!sr suck my 401k
grrr...
!sr suck my 401k
!sr suck my 401k!
this sucks
!sr suck my 401k
WHAT THE HELL.
!sr suck my 401k
bro
!sr suck my 401k
hooray!!
!sr big lee psychopaths episode 2
just seen a sigma edit in which a young man pays a woman who is in a relationship and has been for the past 3 years 10k usd to kiss him  after the ordeal sigma patrick bateman shows up i really dont understand it and im very upset thought id share it with you guys
yah yah yah!!
this song is FIRE
this song is about investments and 401ks by the way
this song is epic
do not put 1
he soooo loves that song
!sr in the arms of sleep
LEAKED DM FROM NEVO TOWARDS FAN: oughhh hello... im nevo1st and my belly is so big and gassy... ough... big burpy boy..
@SofiyeG cant say due to confidentiality but the disgraced streamer kept mentioning his big volumptious gassy belly
Nevo was in the queue at his local asdas and then the cashier asked if he wanted a bag and then he said no... ough... i have my big huge gassy belly for all of my shopping! then proceeded to swallow all of his food and even the poor employee!
nevo shits in urinals pass it on
guys nevo swallows up all your money in his big gassy belly
Nevo says: Ough im so gassy right now..
you need to put your ID in and then take a picture of yourself next to it then theyll verify it
i hate CHROMAKOPIA!
mama im feeling so fulll my bellysss so big!!!
thats the real lyrics
ic3mini is online
@Iu_cyy he is playing the pit
downloading bike pump emulator right now
owens ending early so he can pump himself all big and huge guys dont buy into this ROUSE
this bit gets the nevvy i think
i wouldnt be allowed on would i
