Nevo have you made Elford12 I bought him last stream
Hello piglet today im going to have the pee dough" Nevo1st"
Gemma Collins is in love with new islander Elford12
Nevo1st you are in the Thick Of Gemma and Wallace's relationship and everybody knows
Nevo play Telltale The Walking Dead
Piglets Big Pedough
Nevo create Elford12 right after this PLZ
Nevo are you going to create Elford12 now?
Nevo can we do song requests?
Nevo what does Jafaar think of Piglets Big Game
Nevo can you PLZ give me a summary on King Ian Moore's update?
You're very close Nevo
Create Elford12 first PLZ
Nevo can you please create Elford12 first PLZ
Nevo if you decide if we should kill chatters MII will the people get there channel points back?
Create Elford12 right after Bigfattyfatso's MII?
Skibidi Toilet United
Elford12 time
Nevo are you going to create Elford12 now?
His first name is frank
Worth every penny
Marble Race for who should get eliminated
What game today Nevo?
Hello Nevo
WILBAH! get off Nevo1st's stream right now
Hello Nevo how is your day going
Nevo I got the original username back after 60 days
Nevo you should do a Escapist 2 stream with Sneele
Nevo I got the original username back no more xlbullyofnevo
Nevo will this world get a skibidi thrashing just like the end of Nevnation 3
Nevo can you do an impression of Mrbeast discovering 2 great streamers named Nevo1st and Sneele
Skibidi (I am Sneele's Fortnite Mrbeast)
Nevo can you do another impression of Mrbeast introducing 2 new friends by the names of Ryan Windrige and King Ian Moore?
Nevo to be honest if you can't beat Piglet's Big Game then you won't beat the ender dragon
Jimmy Mrbeast" Donaldson and Nevo1st collab when?"
nevo1sDirtier
WILBAH! get off the Nevo1st stream now
Play Creeper
Song requests?
Why is bill schit Gus Fring from Breaking Bad?
Nevo the predictions are at 0.87% yes and 99% no
Nevo please play Creeper next
!sr Jingle Boom by AJ and Big Justice
!sr No Ls by Deji
Nevo did you ban Jingle Boom from the suggestion?
Nevo can you do an impression of King Ian Moore asking to join the next Nevnation stream?
Hello Mr. Nevo1st
Grey T-Shirt is that a Candy Cooking's grease shirt reference
Nevo can we please check up on Elford12?
Nevo are you going to get a haircut or are you just going to slick it back
Nevo did you get the free Fortnite skin?
You get a free Juice WRLD skin uf you log into fortnite between November 25th and November 30th and you get him the next day
@sofiyeg yea there are 2 you can get the shelshaded Juice WRLD (Free) or the Legends Never Die Juice WRLD (2,200 V-Bucks)
Nevo I still Great Wizard Wenford in my room can't take back the spells that he gave me it's to the point where I love and I hate him and I can't not change him and I can't replace him woah easy said or done I thought he was the Wizard doing spells and being on stream he found the afterlife and I won't forget him (Lucid Dreams Great Wizard Wenford edition)
Nevo can you gift me 3k channel points so I can suggest a Mii
Nevo what is your opinion on Hugh Edwards?
Nevo how is Elford12 doing?
Nevo do you have a favourite Ice Spice song?
Nevo what did you spend your univseral credit?
Nevo if you had a rapper name what would it be?
I think you rap name would be Lil Mii Maker
My idea for Nevo's rap name would be Lil Mii Maker
Nevo it's the end of the world and you are in a fallout bunker what person on the island who you would to be in the bunker with
Nevo you could give away a year's subscription
Nevo make Jafaar at some point please
Nevo have you been pimpin recently?
Hello Nevo
Nevo how is life going so far?
Nevo you should get the R9 haircut tomorrow
Nevo how is the Mrs?
Hello Nevo have you recreated Elford12 yet?
Nevo do you like the new Fortnite season?
Bit of a blurry cam
Average discord mod experience
Nevo you should make the SimpleSimon discord mods your discord mods
Nevo have you seen the SimpleSimon fortskin TikTok
Nevo give me a loan if 2k channel points please
@jamieec Jafaar
Nevo how as Jafaar been recently
Nevo can I get a Jafaar update
If someone as enough channel points please get him to make Jafaar
Nevo Jafaar update now please
Who will you make next?
@best_lesbian what no way the power couple is over I am very upset, I'm going to need a minute
@best_lesbian I'm going to
Sit in a corner and cry
Nevo did you have to listen to sad music like Lucid Dreams after the divorce from Jafaar?
@best_lesbian why did you spread that slander about the power couple's divorce
Nevo don't know why you're struggling to make him he is a very simple character to make
Nevo do an impression of Ryan Windrige and SimpleSimon playing Fortnite with you and Sneele
Nevo you are no longer Mr Mii
Nevo when is the Nevy awards happening again
Nevo why don't you take a Mii from Mii characters website
Nevo have you got any movie or TV show suggestions?
@jamieec will do
My top 3 favourite films are Fight Club, The Iron Claw and 1917
Nevo have you watched The Iron Claw it's so good
Hello Nevo
Merry Nevmas aswell Nevo
Are you enjoying Nevmas so far Nevo?
Nevo gonna be creating what happened to him at school
Nevo gonna be recreating what happened to him at school
I think it's not working nevo
Nevo are you going to recreate what happened to you ar school
Nevo are you going to recreate what happened to you ar school?
Nevo where you a bully or were you bullied?
Nevo what clique would you be in a American school?
I think you would be a Drama Kid
Nevo are you going to recreate what happened to you at school?
Nevo when will the shoe about you saving kids from bully's called Young Nevo coming out?
I meant Show
Silly Nevo
Hello Nevo
Nevo have you seen the edited Mr Tumble video?
Nevo who is better Justin Fletcher or Mr Tumble?
Nevo what was your favourite Justin Fletcher show mines was Justin's House
Nevo what was your favourite Justin Fletcher show mines was Justin's House
Mr Tumble off of Wish
Gooey Mr Tumble looks like season 1 Doctor Who
Nevo can you put Deji as one
Nevo can you say who you think will be the hardest to make
Voted Kenzie for the dodgy website
L
Novaku's Mr Tumble attempt kinda looks like Kevin James
It kinda looks like the kinder kid
Looks like the kid on the kinder packaging?
Looks like the kid on the kinder packaging?
Nevo what is your favourite Justin Fletcher show?
Gigglebiz was GOATED mine was Justin's House
Blurry old cam
Nevo can you play Jingle Boom because it's December
Hey Nevo how are you today
When are you going to play Tomidachi Life?
Turkey Nevo
Nevo have you heard Charlie The Commentator and ImEthann's Christmas song?
Nevo if I suggest to make a Mii will you make it on Tuesday?
Nevo play Charlie The Commentator and ImEthann's Christmas song
@ujuzicc yes
Search ImEthann and Charlie The Commentator you should find it
This is it
If Bully doesn't work will you play Tomidachi Life
Nevo if I suggest a Mii now will you make it on Tuesday?
Nevo if I suggest a Mii now will you make it on Tuesday?
Jafaar (your husband)
Nevo can Jafaar play Bully instead of you I think it would be a better stream that way
Nevo can Jafaar play Bully instead of you?
Nevo what did you think of ImEthann and Charlie The Commentator's Christmas song you never gave your opinion
Nevo what have you asked Santa for Christmas?
Nevo dox yourself for Christmas
Nevo I have had a talk with Santa he told me your on the Naughty list because you were nean to Jafaar
Nevo I have had a talk with Santa he told me your on the Naughty list because you were nean to Jafaar
Nevo I have had a conversation with Santa Claus and he gas informed me that you are on the Naughty list for being mean to Jafaar
Nevo where you a bit of a Bully in school
I think Ryan Windrige bullied you in school
What we're you campaigning about
Nevo he is stopping your right to political belief
Nevo people protested in my school because they locked the toilets and we all got an assembly about it
Nevo you should have all jumped the prefects then right on all there foreheads Down With The Prefects
Nevo you should have stuck with you movement and not have given up as soon as scary head teacher said stop
Nevo you should go back to the school now and have words with the Head Teacher
Nevo we don't have prefects in my school what are they like
Nevo did the Prefects change a wee bit after your protest or did nothing change
Nevo did they offer you the opportunity to be a prefect
Nevo what did you do in class to be classified as naughty
Nevo failed
Nevo do you relate to Jimmy Hopkins?
That's a shite birthday you barely get anything
Nevo stop acting so edgey
Nevo can you sing No Ls by ComedyShortsGamer
Nevo what was the most unjust thing the Prefects did?
Nevo got political on the Bully stream
Getting political on the Bully stream before GTA 6 is insane
Nevo getting rizzy on Bully
Nevo I thought it was Tomidachi Tuesday
Ok Nevo will you play Tomidachi Life on a different day because I use my channel points to get Jafaar to the Island
I have that exact Frosty
Ok Nevo will you play Tomidachi Life on a different day because I use my channel points to get Jafaar to the Island for today
You better be arsed Nevo
nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge
Nevo why did you neck on with Jafaar last stream
Did you ever elbow drop your head teacher
Nevo what do you think of Beatrice?
Nevo you seem like the kid that would never get a seat at lunch because everyone disliked you
What is your old channel called?
How was your old channel name your house address
Nevo we know your real name is Owen and Sneele's is Simons Neele
Nevo you need to find a window
Nevo can you do a Nevnation watch along stream where you rewatch old Nevnation streams?
Nevo how many fortskins do you have on Fortnite
👎
Nevo you should do a rate people's fridge syream
Nevo diary reveal?
Wilson?
Wilko?
WILBUR! why did you say you want to scran people in your diary
Nevo can you do an impression of SimpleSimon playing Bully and having PTSD from his time at High School because this game recreates traumatic memories for him
Nevo did you see the SimpleSimon TikTok asking people if they want to see his Furry Fortskin
Do you want to see SimpleSimon's Furry Fortskin
SimpleSimon hosts a Nevy?
Nevo my recapped said, I used nevo1sKing emote x69 times
Nevo will you watch Dexter :Original Sin on Friday?
Nevo have you looked at Keely's OF?
For 1000 followers you should do a rewatch of Nevnation episodes
That music teacher kinda looks like Lizzo
Nevo you should the picture I put in the Discord as an emote
Nevo you should the picture I put in the Discord as an emote
In just chatting
Hide in a bin Nevo
Nevo I'm back have you made Jafaar yet?
Yes please add Jafaar next
Who is this?
Nevo you need to get Jafaar out for making Jafaar on Tomidachi Life
Jafaar Create time
Frosty.Gaymen.8
I would turn into Jafaar gaming
1
Spent all my channel points on Jafaar and it was worth it
Jafaar looks stunning
Put Jafaar's last name as yours
Make Jafaar last name your Mii's last name
Just make him the oldest you can ne
I watched Aladdin for a month
This better be a TikTok Nevo
What does Jafaar think of the finished Mii?
Nevo what does Jafaar think of the finished product (his Mii)
Tease King Ian Moore
Is is Lindsay Lohan
!sr No Ls by Deji
Nevo what game is it today Nevo
Nevo please play Christmas Time by ImEthann and Charlie The Commentator
Jimmy Baldkins
Nevo can you sing New Fall Guys Map live right now
Nevo put song requests on now if you can
Imagine if Nevo got a low taper fade for 1k followers
Imagine if Nevo1st got a the R9 haircut
Nevo can you put song requests on if you can
Nevo can you put song requests on if you can
Ok
Nevo can you do an impression of King Ian Moore playing Bully for the first time
Nevo can you do an impression of ComedyShortsGamer challenging you to a Sims 4 woo hoo speedrun and a Boxing fight
But nevo you're impression are brilliant and I just give you concepts to work with
I think Telltales The Walking Dead would raise your eyebrow
I think Telltales The Walking Dead would make a good stream. Do you agree?
Nevo can you do a office jerk stream?
Nevo what teacher is that?
Nevo you should do either A Way Out (with Sneele) stream or Telltale The Walking Dead stream
Nevo then you could play my other suggested game which is Telltale The Walking Dead stream
Looks like a shite mission now
Red Dead Redemption 2 stream when?
Nevo you should make a diss track on Gary right now
Nevo sus?
What is your list called Nevo
Kill list? Who are you Dexter Morgan
What chat is that in Nevo?
@anastasiabvrhausen I beg your pardon
Nevo early in the stream you said your list is called The Kill List so my question is are you Dexter Miegan?
Morgan*
Nevo are you The Tomidachi Butcher
Or maybe Nevo if they are AI scammers if you can how about you put the I'm Not A Robot test
Nevo would you rather a army if Minions or an army of Smurfs
Nevo will Great Wizard Wenford ever find a way to come back to life or is he gone forever?
Is Great Wizard Wenford hosting a Nevy?
December 18th the best award show ever the Nevys will happen with many special guest appearance from Nevo lore characters and some celebrities as well
GET HER BANNED SHE IS A AI SCAMMER
Nevo how do I earn a chance to get the opportunity to become a mod for Nevo1st incorporated?
Nevo this is very simpy behaviour
No taking pictures of a couple on a date who are you Joe Goldberg from YOU
Nevo what did you major in university?
Nevo have you heard of Simon the moustache man
Nevo here is a link to that guy I'm telling you about this is his account check it out if you want https://www.tiktok.com/@simongenxunc?_t=8sBxrCKe77I&_r=1
I promise not a scam if you are worried
Yea moustache man he has changed his name to Gen X unc tho
Nevo what is your opinion on Cal The Dragons song?
Nevo is life good?
Nevo what is your opinion on Gen X rise
No you are meant to knock them off with firecracker or slingshot
Ask if Deji can be in the art
Nevo can you sing No Ls by Deji
Nevo can you say hey guys ComedyShortsGamer here in a Deji impression
Nevo do you think you could get a cameo off of Deji to do a Nevy
Nevo do you think you could get a cameo off of Deji to do a Nevy
Hey Guys NevoShortGamer here and today we gave to tab in and out to finish a Bully mission
Nevo what is your Po box?
Want to send you a little AstroTurf gift
No tell her it's ComedyShortsGamer
Nevo I put a picture in Just Chatting send it to pracilla and tell her that is who you want in the picture
Nevo I put a picture in Just Chatting send it to pracilla and tell her that is who you want in the picture
Nevo I put a picture in Just Chatting send it to priscilla and tell her that is who you want in the picture
nevo1sS
Nevo I put a picture in Just Chatting send it to pracilla and tell her that is who you want in the picture
Nevo I put a picture in Just Chatting send it to priscilla and tell her that is who you want in the picture
Deji
Do an impression of me
Nevo do an impression of Mother Nevo watching you do a looking ar buff Deji
Nevo do an impression if your Mother reacting to you looking at Buff Deji picture (bring up Buff Deji photo to further the acting)
Nevo can you do a scouse accent impression
Can't believe I am half hour late to the Nevys disappointment in myself
I am surprised I didn't win that one
Paul is trying to find Nevnation island IRL
He speaks when he needs to
New song let's go
Callums corner
Real companies buying ad space on the Nevys
Is best foreigner award happening
Best foreigner
If Jafaar isn't hosting a Nevy I will riot
I thought I would have atleast been nominated for that one
I hope Piglets Big Game looses
ELFORD12
MRBEAST
Hello Nevo how has life been since the Nevys
Nevo who is the worst Doctor Who
Nevo can you do an Impression of King Ian Moore watching the Nevy awards
nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace nevo1sWallace
Nevo1sWallace
Nevo when is your Fortskin coming out?
I mean when is your Fortnite Fortskin coming out
Nevo will you buy the Skibidi Toilet backbling and Fortskin on Fortnite
Nevo hope my 50p helped when I used code Nevo1st in the Fortnite item shop to buy the Skibidi Toilet backbling
Nevo would you rather buy Renegade Raider or Skibidi Toilet in Fortnite
Nevo have you bought Skibidi Toilet in Fortnite?
Nevo can you rate the Nevlings from your favourite to least favourite
Nevo did you hear Elford12 is getting a Low Taper Fade
Yes I did see Elford12 read a nevy im sad I didn't win won
Michael McCrudden's next video The Rise and Fall of Nevo1st
Nevo can you do an impression of Ryan Windrige doing this exact scenario
Nevo can you do an impression of Ryan Windrige doing this exact scenario
Nevo what is your favourite type of dough?
Mcmentel22
Me
Wow that really hurts Nevo
Nevo can you sing your favourite song of the Among Us Christmas album
Nevo what vibe does King Ian Moore give you?
Nevo will next stream be Tomidachi Life?
Nevo you should do a Nevling fortnite battle royal
Nevo here is a stream Idea you make a custom battle royal on Fortnite and we all the Nevlings fight it out to find out who us the best Nevling and Fortnite
Nevo getting shadow ban on TikTok really has put you in some type of depression
Nevo and Dave The Manager collab when?
Hello Nevo how have you been
Hello Nevo
Hello Mr. Nevo
Charlie will bring the BOOM to the server
Nevo can you do an impression if Ryan Windrige being upset (physically crying) because Charlie became OP?
Nevo can you do an impression of King Ian Moore reacting to you getting banned from your own server
Nevnation OG season?
Nevo can you do an impression of King Ian Moore reacting to you getting banned from your own server
Nevnation OG season (return to Nevnation season 1)?
Nevo can you do an impression of King Ian Moore reacting to you getting banned from your own server
Nevo I have a suggestion for the Nevy 2025 best impression by Nevo
Tomidachi life?
Nevo you should tell your Gran a box is a box and it can go in any box
Nevo you should play Squid Game
Nevo play Octo Games 2 on Fortnite
I know everton about TV show Dexter
What is all the Shreak villians in alphabetical order
!sr https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QwZT7T-TXT0
!sr Boris Bop
!songlist
Nevo I wanted to pull up song list but it ain't working
!sr No Ls Deji
!songlist
@thetasigma01 thank you
nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing
!songlist
Nevo who is the best British person of all time (ComedyShortsGamer is the only right answer)
Nevo who is the best British person of all time (ComedyShortsGamer is the only right answer)
Nevo who is the best British person of all time (ComedyShortsGamer is the only right answer)
Nevo what does people call you gimpy?
!songlist
Nevo why do people call you Gimpy and Crusty?
@iu_cyy OK fair enough
Nevo you should dress up as Shrek for Halloween
You're really close Nevo
!songlist
Nevo turn up the music it's the only reason I am watching
I'm watching for you but I am not a big fan of Dark Souls
Nevo opinion on the song?
!sr https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QwZT7T-TXT0
Hello Nevo
Nevo what is the best or weirdest encounter you have had in CEX?
I think the game is broken Nevo
The anti piracy measures have got you Nevo
Nevo how are you struggling to run Shrek?
Nevo can you play Fortnite squid game?
Nevo get song requests on this instant PLZ
No let me play So Sorry by Logan Paul on song requests
Nevo can you do an impression of King Ian Moore replacing Shrek?
Nevo can you do an impression of King Ian Moore replacing Shrek please?
Nevo can you do a tier list on best shrek characters?
Nevo the pole says get song requests on this channel is a democracy
Nevo how long do you think you and the Nevo characters from the Nevoverse last in Squid Game?
Nevo to be honest I think you would die at the game where you cut out the shape out of the cookie if you are lucky
Nevo to be honest I think you would die at the game where you cut out the shape out of the cookie if you are lucky enough
Nevo you should play Octo Game 2 on Fortnite for a stream
Nevo when is YOUR skin coming to Fortnite?
I would put Kratos in Super Smash Bros
Nevo did you unfollow Vexbolt
I think we should leave Nevo saying he is going to complete a game in one stream then leaving uncompleted after 4 hours
You would be Lord Farquad
Fiona dad
Nevo what do you think of the HMPV virus?
Nevo can you do an impression of Shrek in the first movie but instead of Shrek it is King Ian Moore
Nevo can you do an impression of Shrek in the first movie but instead of Shrek it is King Ian Moore
Nevo can you do an impression of Shrek in the first movie but instead of Shrek it is King Ian Moore
I think the fairy godmother will become the fairy non-binary godparent
I think Shrek will hate Donkey in Shrek 5 as Donkey vote for Trump. Do you think this will happen
Nevo you ain't Eddie Murphy so you can't be Donkey
Nevo have you played these games before?
Nevo have you played these games before?
Nevo is Player 456 of the Shrek 2 game since HE'S PLAYED THIS GAME BEFORE
Nevo what does Jafaar think of this game?
Nevo what does Jafaar think of this game?
Yes we did but we don't care
Nevo you say you won't rage quit at Shrek but yet rage quit at Piglets big game
Sure you didn't
Nevo accept that you threw a tantrum at Piglets big game
You can't one of the rules of the marble game is you can't win the marbles by using violence
Nevo had a hissy fit when playing games that isn't Tomidachi Life
Nevo imagine one of your parents being a frog
Nevo link your reddit so I can join
Nevo your reddit has 15 members now
Nevo can you hit the GANGNAM STYLE for Donkey?
Nevo who's audience would you want to raid you?
Nevo can I be a mod I will be responsible and reliable?
How do I start my character development to become a upstanding citizen (mod)
@rizzo04 how do I become a upstanding citizen like you?
Scran it
Nevo how do you deal with peer pressure?
Nevo have you seen the Costco Guys video where someone told them there brother died and there response was I'm sorry to hear about your brother that passed a way he gets 5 big booms""
Nevo have you seen the Costco Guys video where someone told them there brother died and there response was I'm sorry to hear about your brother that passed a way he gets 5 big booms""
Nevo I think the king would be kinda be like Ryan Windrige
Nevo you are at 997 followers
What are we doing tonight Nevo?
Tomidachi Life PLZ
Please vote Tomidachi Life
You go on with a squad and alone your choice
Nevo can you atleast put song requests
!sr https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QwZT7T-TXT0
Nevo there is an error with sing requests
Nevo there is an error with Song Requests
!sr https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QwZT7T-TXT0
!sr https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QwZT7T-TXT0
!sr https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QwZT7T-TXT0
Nevo can you play So Sorry by Logan Paul on repeat please
!sr https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QwZT7T-TXT0
!sr https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QwZT7T-TXT0
!sr No Ls
!sr No Ls by Deji
!sr No Ls Deji
!sr LIKE HIM Tyler The Creater
Nevo when will you do a boxing match with Deji?
Nevo can you do a Fortnite locker tour and shoe us all your Fortskins?
Nevnation or Fortnite?
Nevo what is your favourite song of all-time?
Nevo what shrek character do you think you could beat in a fight?
Nevo please revive Great Wizard Wenford I beg for this as he is my favourite Nevoverse character of all-time I would do anything to see him one more time PLEASE BRING HIM BACK TO LIVE
Nevo please revive Great Wizard Wenford I beg for this as he is my favourite Nevoverse character of all-time I would do anything to see him one more time PLEASE BRING HIM BACK TO LIVE
Nevo I need him now I have nothing except Great Wizard Wenford's memories
You like the song Nevo
OWEN NEVO HOW DARE YOU SAY THE F-WORD I COME TO THIS TWITCH STREAM TO WATCH FAMILY FRIENDLY PG CLEAN CONTENT I WOULD LIKE AN APOLOGY NOW AND SAY YOU WILL NEVER SAY SUCH PROFANITY AGAIN
Nevo do you want to find out your cool Fortnite nickname this how you do it 1st, Your Legal Government Name 2nd Where You Live 3rd,Your Bank Details And The Expiry Date On The Back and 4th What Time You Go To Bed At
Nevo do you take No Ls?
Nevo do you want to find out your cool Fortnite nickname this how you do it 1st, Your Legal Government Name 2nd Where You Live 3rd,Your Bank Details And The Expiry Date On The Back and 4th What Time You Go To Bed At
Nevo look at my last chat to find out your Fortnite cool nickname?
Nevo do you want to find out your cool Fortnite nickname this how you do it 1st, Your Legal Government Name 2nd Where You Live 3rd,Your Bank Details And The Expiry Date On The Back and 4th What Time You Go To Bed At
@paulmccartneyy_ the song is called No Ls
!sr Vegan World Callums Corner
@sammydodgers01 best song ever
Nevo just play Octo Games 2 on Fortnite (Fortnite Squid Game)
Nevo I have a question what code should I use on Fortnite
!sr Muffin BadBoyHalo
Nevo I think you will play Fortnite Squid Game
Nevo Fortnite Squid Game won
Yea it's good
Probably Fortnite?
Nevo get Octo Games 2 on Fortnite now
Nevo leave song requests on this is my request
Nevo opinion on song?
No keep like him on
How long is your update for?
