oh look my least favourite streamer is live
BURN
you say that shit every stream tho
@JamieEC ur part of that community bro
@best_lesbian thats a ban surely?
CMC raid!!!!
triabtrue is restreaming your stream in the discord THEREFORE losing you viewers
great audio again nevo !
can we get a does the dog die check on this stream please
can anyone point me to the bra-less wife centre
69
yours <£
@AnastasiaBvrhausen makes it that way
he does can confirm <3
@AnastasiaBvrhausen go outside
keep yourself safe
@izzyatzizzis @folklohre you got a hater
chat i love you like kittens (dream moment
ew new person
we have a chris chan est person in chat
hey nevo did you see mr beast mention you in his interview?
he said you smelt bad i think
dont leak your blood type bro
hey nevo have you seen this small youtuber named Dream has started an roleplaying SMP that has complex lore and is very interesting
im clipping that
nevo you going to make diamond armour or???
did you see Kai Cenat and Speed copied your idea and went back in time and did it months ago
he is washed
PAY UP
PAY UP AVE PAY UP
did you see oompaville had to cut out a solid 5 minutes of footage of Mr Beast farting?
play ''new world'' by sky does minecraft
play this every time you start a new world
@paulmccartneyy_ he did
chat why hasnt he made netherite yet?
bro we know you havent
seed master? mods?
GNF just said he's down to play after this death btw
CMC said he'll join too
@paulmccartneyy_ ban her
sneele about to make you lose fr
Dream?
@paulmccartneyy_ real
hey wilbur! ops on chewing elbows?
making a house.... bro youve got shit to do
youre wasting your time
you know what screw the nether
it would be nice if you had food
nevo there is a creeper coming
mods?
hey nevo you look hungry (IRL)
hey nevo looking showerless today (IRL)
i'll play on the condition you dont talk about the obvious
sneele if you hit nevo 20 times you get 5 eyes of ender
i follow it and i dont follow you
well he mentioned you in the interview
nevo why you running into the woods at night on hardcore?
sneele ill be there
hey nevo looking acidic today (IRL)
nevo if you hit Sneele 20 times you get 5 eyes of ender
youre getting wood?
@AnastasiaBvrhausen *50 cent gif*
@AnastasiaBvrhausen ??
i love the doing fuck all vibe you have instead of doing the point of the stream vibe
this is sad to watch
is this a 24 hour stream?
100hr stream
hey nevo did you see Kai Cenat and Speed steal your idea then go back in time?
i love the hole in your house that totally doesnt allow skeletons to shoot you nevo1sSmiles
why dont you just wait for the ender dragon to come to you?
sneele just gone teacher mode
why dont you just email the Ender Dragon to meet you in the Overworld?
ill try and get his email
why dont you just ask the game nicely to roll credits?
btw there is a glitch if you crit sneele 7 times with a iron axe the Ender Dragon doesnt attack you in the End
why dont you just study magic and magically teleport to the end
why dont you just invent an endgameinator to skip going the nether and end?
why dont you just give up?
its called smart bets
ill play
do you reckon youll beat the game in the next 10 minutes?
why dont you just eat a gapple?
why dont you kill the Ender Dragon with kindness
Cole Palmer said he is down to play the next attempt
remember Nevo! dying can replenish hunger and health as well as returning you home!
cant wait to break the news to the homeowners that once you die you lose the home and the time it took the make it nevo1sSmiles
do you reckon the Ender Dragon has any secrets?
hey nevo if you wait 500 ingame days the Ender Dragon will arrive as they have a Butlins holiday booked
hey nevo ive had a word with my mate the golden apple salesmen and he said he'll make you a deal if you paypal some guy called Conan £25
yes you need one
are you full on happiness tho
nevo1sFrowns nevo1sFrowns
bro is on 2 hearts irl
eat maybe?
nevo i heard you win if you have a positive mindset
ive done that 5 times nevo1sSmiles
hey nevo if you have 3 redstone you come probably make an endgame-inator
bose pods?
pipe emailed me yesterday
you have my email you weasel
@AnastasiaBvrhausen MODS?
hey nevo would you like a mint?
nevo can we hurry this up
''fast as we can'' bro has a 4 story house
Ender Dragon is watching the stream so idk if you want to ban them for stream sniping or......
you look cold
why did you get defensive about be cold
you should make a secret room with redstone i heard it scares the Ender Dragon as it demostrates skill
thats me
bro took no damage and he is freaking out
remember they are speedrunning here
sleep? its morning bro
why dont you just move to the nether?
good one nevo
you should clip that and put it on tiktok
Antvemon said he is down to play after this death
they might be a spy for that investigation that is happening on you
why you doxxing him
Ender Dragon just made a homophobic tweet does this change anything about the challenge?
this guys are minecraft streamers btw
struck a nerve?
can you calm down bud
why dont you just go to the end portal instead?
why are you going nether when you can just go to the stronghold
45 minutes in and Nevo is already fed up
speedrun category btw
Ant and Dec said they'll do an attempt
nevo why does it say comedian in your twitch bio
Ender Dragon said they cant be arsed fighting you. does that mean the challenge is over?
yeah they've been doing speed run tech the whole run
wilbur roleplay sets up a trick later in the run
@sneele_ was thinking it needed it
nevo its turning night in the nether you should sleep
twitch chat
audit him
nevo you would lose all your viewers
@sneele_ leave and play fortnite
this place looks nice you should move here
but he scamming his fans if he does that
*gets hit* 'WHAT AM I LOOKING FOR' - what is bro on about
sneele finish the house
how do i craft this again
ngl @sneele_ i think you need a statue of yourself
unpatched glitch: sleep in bed in the lava and it teleports to the End
if you pull a funny face they think youre one of them and dont attack you
sneele should make a villager farm to get potatoes
sneele should make my hometown in minecraft
CMC live :peepoLeave:
why you angry?
you know what screw this place
nevo1sBosh nevo1sBosh nevo1sBosh nevo1sBosh
sneele still needs to make the statue
screw the nether
cant believe you didnt win
literally said id play
but ok
me and anastasia... this about to be awkward
@AnastasiaBvrhausen mods a lie
whats the version
that conan guy was rofl
GG stream over
nice house huh
@AnastasiaBvrhausen they were funny tho
bro this guy talks like my grandad
JamieEC top 10 wars youve fought in?
ask Jamie what it was like to see the Beatles live
ask Jamie what model his first cart and carriage was
hey Jamie what were mortgage prices like in the 60s
ask Jamie how many hairs are on his head
more gorgeous than the ancient pyramids jamie was around to see be built?
ask Jamie what was the most hype Elvis album was at release?
bro who is this old man in call
@lyraawr mods? i wasnt there
Mr Blobby shouldnt you be filming for tele or something
ask Jamie what the steps are to beat the game @nevo1st
remember Jamie is at a disadvantage as he is playing on wind up film
@lyraawr nevo1sBosh
Jamie's pc is probably the machine from The Imitation Game
@JamieEC headset or hearing aids?
bro an old man could live longer
anastasia and conan are next
be honest: did me and anastasia outshine you so much it made you anxious and you wanted us off stream @nevo1st
anyone miss the comedic moments between Conan and Anastasia?
ASMR ass call rn
@JamieEC bro your time on earth is coming to an end (old man)
youve taken fall damage at every turn bro
nenevo why you playing with girls (ew)
ludwig just mentioned you on stream. he said: ''i miss that Conan and Anastasia duo nevo had on stream''
done anything useful yet?
do your team know that youre a solid 2000 blocks away @nevo1st
@JamieEC do you know what iphone is
he is doing it wrong
bro is just bad a gambling
put your paycheck on red and you have a 50/50 chance of doubling it
you're washed
OF COURSE IT WAS
@AnastasiaBvrhausen this is real
is that john pork
