ew it lives
ON THE DAY THAT YOU WERE BORN THE ANGELS GOT TOGETHER AND DECIDED TO CREATE A DREAMCOME TRUE connor6Monkey
right near ian moore picture
end stream? then retire?
i swear in that wizard pops up and jumpscares
you did say that you meanie
TURN THE SONG OFF the vod will be silent cos of copyright surely
i had pizza toooo:p
waited all that time for my minecraft to update and it still wouldnt let me join. neville will pay for this
it doesnt let me join either but OFC u didnt respond to me saying that nevo1sFrowns
farm merge valley instead
tell sneele I don’t like him
MOUSE TIME ? why are u still live
okay thatsa coincidence
YUCK
why are you live AGAIN?
LAME impala more like nevo1sSmiles
girl what was the whiteboard for...
@izzyatzizzis i like them nevo1sSmiles
so brave of your pic to reveal your true hairline
HES 26?
i love telling the ginger hes muted on live and watching his eyes panic
nevo im holding my breath til you gain 7 more followers and play fortnite
Hi nevo we cant hear you like always you broke the mic doing the bit about the mic
connor6Ninja  anyone elses braless wife make them a sammie today?
blurry camera bestie. also youre muted. also youre not sharing screen x
BUY A NEW CAMERA
im gonna buy a new camera" girl you said that my first stream and now im mod"
ii think g*y is a banned word because nevo is homoph*bic
bret easton ellis inspire your address at all?
welcome home war heroes
add fat rat off flsuhed away pls
hi nevo i just woke up
too ill to stream" that was you nevo"
how many subs do i have now? ive got like loads" says BRAGGING streamer"
nevos cut down his cex shifts due to the sub money, becoming very dependent on it to be honest x
then why did i see you cowering behind the till at cex that time?
SORRY i just woke up and ve got a lot of hateful energu y in me
youre real? i thought the ginger in the middle was a v tuber animation ????
this sound effect is same as my headphones switching channels its Freaking me OUT:o
anastasia i think you work for citizens advice bureaux :D
have u seen how an irl kangaroo pouch is all red and slimy
you didnt guess mine. i have blue hair and pronouns if it helps
IVE BEEN IN THE TRENCHES BEGGING FOR FORTNITE STREAM you dont know how lucky you are
STOP GIVING THIS MAN MONEY
@UjuziCC HES A FULL TIME BARRISTER and also isnt a genius" in terms of iq just really likes general knowledge"
lets normalise being sane in the nevo chat
it was a zoom out of piglets face
pls write my legal name on the whiteboard
absolutely not" and then does it anyway."
7.. girl lets be real
ive made 48 gmail accounts to skew the votes in my favour
triab true to announce a nevvy? he wrote a song i like called B!tches
me and my comfort streamer can share shoes! (im lying)
i'm foreign because i'm an alien brought to earth in a space ship. does that count?
YEA we got it jumpin
i've been a long time chatter but im ready to moveon from nevo1st chat <3 bye everyone x
NOT THE SMEG AGAIN. THIS IS WHY IM LEAVING
!game tomodachi life
WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING. i commented before i refreshed. im scared i messed up.
hi @AnastasiaBvrhausen
TITANE!
@AnastasiaBvrhausen that elipses is so conan core. why are you being Rude
sorry anastasia. i didnt think before i spoke. feel better soon x
Clip that :)
only bad things come from breaking RULE 1!!!
wait luxembourg is male and likes eurovision? WTF. ITS IMPOSSIBLE
i watched eurovision and the booing for a certain country was so obvious even though they tried to mute it or replace it with cheers
Im a very cheery chappy today im gonna agree with everything nevo says
thanks. not hard when two were wife beaters and george was chillin x
he looked like the rat from flushed away
olly alexander
PISSING UKRAINE""
muhbappay
this is just a second ic3mini
you don't look fat. are you fat? i can see your nipple" WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU"
may 19th ! nevo1sSmiles thats my guess
kill RIZZO04 nevo1sSmiles
I REALLY WANT HIM DEAD!
dont refund me just kill him tmoz x
rizzo04 celebrates everytime i say im gonna retire from mod. justice will be served x
my sister just came in my room and said is that nevo
hello nevo tyvm - rosie
probably the hug tiktok made you cringe !
!game kahoot
are you still getting paul mccartney bot spam
nobody commit suicide. lets all be joyous
sorry for killing your mii rizzo ive just always wanted to kill a chat mii and i dislike you on a personal level but its all in jest nevo1sSmiles
You scare me and you dislike my modding abilities
i mellowed because my mum changed my prescription nevo1sSmiles
NEVO GO BACK! i wanna read your dms nevo1sSmiles
LOL
37 Qs...
ONLY 3 GUESSES
thats my image ... @paulmccartneyy_ papparazzi
do u feel ashamed
VILE
the sneele that could
i still have my cinema ticket from bee movie, it cost £4.20
ALSO PAULS PHOTO
oven first
fookin hell ive got about 10 wrong
jesus christ
MOUSE TIE
MOUSE TIME SQUEAK SQUEAK
ill take vip if ur offering it x nevo1sSmiles
PLAY BALD MARTIN 9/11 TRIBUTE as outro
thanks for streaming streamer Goodnight
Beans n Burgers
800 kisses for 800 followers instead of fortnite
whos kacie im paul
ic3spic3mini
OMG WHAT MOD DELETE THAT COMMENT
mod who is not me delete my comment pls
@bill_schitt feel free im scared of slurs nevo1sSmiles
okay well i sincerely apologise to the nevlings i didnt know
u could be my salty spring.. green blue colours were gliding.
questionable guests connor6Monkey
@AnastasiaBvrhausen connor6Monkey connor6Monkey connor6Monkey
if you say please nevo1sSmiles
my nephew is in yer 6 btw
@nintendogsforswitch i have checked and couldnt agree more
second nature like CLAIRO <3
some people werent here when fortnite was a lie i told every day until nevo gave in
Not to be dramatic but i put my trousers on and got out of bed to turn my playstation on nevo1sFrowns
i pulled some strings to get conan on
OMG NEVO why are you still discussing making anastasia mod? they dont want to be. move on
i want bradley walsh as a skin #handsome
im thinking of a number between 40 and 150 rn. whoever gets it wins it
vewy clœse nevo
i wanna apologise to women for when i play. girls can be gamers. im just not one of them. connor6Ninja
its kind of unfair cos jake paul has a baby in his belly so its 2 v 1
the queen is in peppa pig and she was human
and they had a huge walking talking potato
BRO COUGHS LIKE AN IPAD KID
TIKTOK clip reboot
i hope anastasia wins
congrats on the successful stream snipe anastasia !
I HAVE A MIC its taking me a while to figure it
IM BAD AT THIS GAME
WHT THW HELL
hi gamers. this is making me so nervous my hands are so sweaty i cant hold down my joystick to sprint nevo1sSmiles
rip nintendogsforswitch. 6 month subscriber and mod
sneele_ FOR FORTNITE Friday
They got kacie pain nevo1sFrowns connor6Clap
ic3mini saved my life in more ways than one
I TURNED MY PLAYSTATION OFF I don't know WHY IM STILL THERE
the gmail said OwenSebastainCrews69@gmail.com
Bye gamers Bye Nevo! nevo1sSmiles
what song is this? its a lullabye to me ears
CHANGE THAT OUTFIT NOW
girl would ironing it have killed you
i clicked the link and my laptop grew legs and walked over to the bin... wth
crazy how you make people work so hard for vip and then make them mod straight away so they cant enjoy it...
SNEELE KILLED ME... and for what no reason.
and he killed me on skyblock too hes a spoilsport.
I MISSED RIZZO DYING?
Rizzo died at my hand and i missed it... so sorry
Happy Birthday btw nevo
i saw the first episode and it was where i commuted irl and i was like WHEEEEYYY
i guess that only works if you recognise the model
happy birthday anastasia
get him to do it on his live. scottish declan always has time for his fans x
hi to all the nevlings on the toilet rn
KEEP POM
anything for my besties
charlie just a warning i will kill him again in 24 hours
nevo1sSmiles
FAT RAT OFF FLUSHED AWAY
streamer get off ur phone
nevo i blocked you on tiktok but you keep viewing my stories? can you just stop hacking to stalk my account
rizzo dont get attached to your mii nevo1sSmiles
that is Hitler
I lost my channel points because MIKE TYSON lost...
my niece told me hed win
https://youtu.be/ctTLLZ-YDN0?si=_8vZHk4tTrNoN2nS
Beans N Burgerz
ic3mini but taller
the rizzler was born in 2017.
i like jersey joe
my birthday is august 10th nevo1sSmiles (im lying for fun)
THEY BRING THE BOOM!
yes
THATS A CHILD
aj is so accurate
nevo i paid channel points for you to make me
(lying again) (i love lying)
LOL you got me
yea like i redeemed him to make me with channel points and he forgot
@Rizzo04 i would kill it again is lyraawr didnt nevo1sSmiles
mods? can someone time out rizzo hes insulting me
kays cooking... you mean kacie pain
SORRRRY I don't know  why im lying so muc
i dont want to watch you play any game ever again, pls stop gaming.
can you do the vape stream before disposables get banned plz
he vaped non stop when i started watching it was outrageous
instead of blurry cam bestie it was like vape in front of the camera
Garys Sobn
stop saying kays it scares me everytime
look at her dimples
pls turn this off
sick as in throwing up after eating it
NEVO TURN THIS OFF
House got rewired and they broke whole place
turn that offf pls pls pls iits like a halloween stream all over
this makes me ashamed to be northern
THERES SCRAMBLED EGGS IN THERE
it looks like frog roadkill
id love to meet kays cooking at a bus stop but if i had to eat her food id rather die
shed be a good natterer but fook me im not touching that barbaric scran
yea mustve been in ww2 rationing times
stop focusing on wrinkles focus on her gorgeous dimples
once i was at my friends and her mum offered me bubble and squeak and it looked like kays cooking
i was only like 7 and new to the north <3 i didnt know how to say no or what it was
jamie do you know if they replaced her cooker or not
youve made her look sad
kays cooking is always mid about to giggle cos lee makes her laugh
Bill schitt thats vile even for you
Poo stweam poo stweam
make her birthday same as jamies i think theyre kindred spirits together
meatballs !
Crumbly Cracker. she saw your chapped lips and all
I ONLY SAID IT AS A JOKE FOR THE TIKTOK IM SORRY
I only wanted to be in the tiktok mr clipfarmer
i think you should do a tomodachi mukbang with rollmop herrings and cals roast beef
nevo nows a good time to bring up and cry about being bullied in school to show how far youve come x
bring your own cheese next time thats a rip off
Cheer100  LICK THE CHARGER! electric shock your brain!
Its supposed to be plugged in -_-
i did it as a child you dont die you just taste metallic
SKIBIDINEVO GOT A SUB
wait instead of that game just go on youtube and type in boys kissing and watch that instead
bless you
bless you
Is that time out able?
Choo Chooo TouchOfSalt
EWWWWW. i remember when nevo was poor and humble. he lived of crumbs and wore pillowcases
THATS grim .
barry keoghan potential playing ringo starr.... so devastating
wow ive got a little train
HES UGLY and ringo is ugly but in a leng way
noel looks more like damon albarn
can i get a hoyaa in barnsley bowl?
dont threaten to end just because people stopped gifting...
SORRY im acshually tripping out today im all giddy
OHHH ive got it nevo1sSmiles
END STREAM  before 12pm cinderella
12am
nevo1sSmiles  im a clever person
TouchOfSalt
Right well this mouse is about to make an appearance then
k. so. my hypetrain badge means nothing.
funny but no one laughed :(
i sent a lovely smile to just chatting nevo1sSmiles
TouchOfSalt  HOW DO U THINK I GOT THAT EMOTE.... I PARTOOK IN HYPER TRAIN.
SEE how he crouched so we wouldnt see his tail growing back
IM watching this in a full suit and tie... make it worth it nevo1sSmiles
imagine what a burn it is to make a whole time machine just to say your grandaughter is LENG
owen crews is his name
WHAT IF NEVO GOT A LOW TAPER FADE?!?!
i didnt vote im against democracy
Hit the yawn into dab emote like fortnite
its spelt luke deez... luke at DEEZ NUTS!
i hate this game it uses same sounds as my headphones and i keep thinking theyre breaking
BALJEET!
nevo can we be fr ive never seen you succeed at any game youve tried
i have no doubt in my mind you will not succeed nevo1sSmiles
i personally dont gamble channel points because gambling addiction haunted my family :( nevo1sFrowns  #mormon
IVE GOT 15K u rat
i bet on losing dogs.....
@AnastasiaBvrhausen sorry. i thought since it didnt say *gly or g*nger it would be okay x
bestlesbian have you thought about moving schools
IDEA FOR A STREAM : minecraft hardcore keep streaming until nevo dies IRL!
nevlings... One Day we'll say end stream and retire And nevo will... he'll be too old for streaming :(
I JUST WOKE UP IN A STEAMING MOOD COS I LIVE IN A SHITHOLE
BIRMINGHAM IS A FOOKIN SHITHOLE
stop doxxing yourself by defending your home towns
i was born in luton nevo1sSmiles
post it on r/ratemypoo. sneele and nevo are reacting to it soon
last meat i ate before becoming vegetarian was kebab... and i frew it up after :o
if theres another fortnite stream i wont be attending until my substitute hormones make my voice break  nevo1sFrowns
POSH LITTLE KID... not salty. and someone else called me a robot. nevo1sFrowns
Wait nevo look out the window again (you might see a familiar face)
when i was a kid and realised. cookie crisps were just grains and not mini cookie i was like ok. this is life then.
i know where everyone in chat lives, works or goes to school nevo1sSmiles
did you google any of the harry potter characters and see edited nsfw images of them? nevo1sSmiles
NEVO UNLOAD THE DISHWASHER NOWWWWWW
anastasia were so in sync its crazy
i like my soooiut case
i have to go school now?
HoHoHo!
i went to liverpool once and saw an xl bully ban protest.. that was whimsy
https://youtu.be/ctTLLZ-YDN0?si=DwzsnXNNJeEf-x7c ill always send the link its GOSPEL to me
https://youtu.be/ctTLLZ-YDN0?si=DwzsnXNNJeEf-x7c AMONG US CHRISTMAS ALBUM
THOSE LAYERED VOCALS ARE SHIT
SHUT UP IM IN A SUIT AND TIE RN
im not hateful but honest. i critically think and sometimes its negative...
Sneele would 100% do fairy tale in ohio
can we get cole palmer on the nevo stream full stop
ill announce a nevvy if the price is right
.. im legit famous musician paul mccartney and dint get asked.
youre chasing clout? you just want more viewers.... nevo1sFrowns
i thought we were best friends forever and all the nevlings were like weird cousins
nevo i could go live on tiktok and just film my laptop of you if you want. nevo1sSmiles id try not to cough too much if that helps
pickle rick RETWEET
one stream nevo shivered and you could hear all his bones clinking together like a cartoon
@AnastasiaBvrhausen ill never forget when he had something in his teeth and when he tried to pick it out the whole tooth just landed in his hand
why did they call the bear POOH.. its so twisted
wearing a crop top with your whole crown jewels out so sick in the head
WHY WOULD IT HAVE BEEN YOU now i feel sick
id wear the nevo face for halloween
he reminds me of the zooptopia fox kind of
ONCE I MAKE MY MOVE
ur ginger on stream... not on your niv tiktok story though
i had pizza today it was MID
you should think about capitalism everyday.. you stream on a platform owned by amazon. switch to the much more ethical KICK!
freedom of speech is ethical nevo1sSmiles
guys the joke is kick has slurs...
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 girl I don't know i dont watch peverted stuff
do a stream where you open up your p45 on stream and do a walkthrough
 USE CODE NEVO1ST IN FORTNITE SHOP
was just scrolling twitch categories when i saw pooh stream! How EXCITING
yes but just treat my like any old chat member
@nintendogsforswitch i have mod experience from a channel called sneele_ thats probably why x
i feel sorry for eeyore cos he has clinical depression and that but hes such a flipping downer
Put the fires in the bag
anyone else see the gif of the rizzler when his real name was said
hes so teeny and goated
wait this is the most ive seen on the brb screen
what will be next... a loop?
ADD UP MY LOVVVVVVVEEE ADD UP MY LOOOOOOVE
HONEY WAS IT ENOUGH? IS IT EVER ENOUGH???????
the roll looks like scottish gamer grandma
your diet is like a rabbits
nevo you couldnt have vaped while you were downstairs?
@Rizzo04 i had a wooden bedframe when i was a kid and i wanted to chew it so bad, one day when i had a stomach bug i let myself bite it twice as a treat
rabbit always wound me up, why is he so ANNOYING. kids dont need to know about his ocd compulsions
your gonna do a pole? like dance or vault?
this is like BREXIT.
nevo hit the griddy pls
tomorrow isnt this game cos hes not streaming...
you will start to cough at 3:43am
YOUR FRIEND HAS A JAKES EMOTE BUT DOESNT KNOW WHO JAKES IS.....
wait nevo theres another barron trump clip and he says BEEEZNEEZ and haus
he says suitcase but has a brief case... silly bugger
Hes like 7 foot as well
Please DON'T mod anastasia nevo. its getting silly how many times you have to be told
he ate ian moores smeg and filmed it
@Rizzo04 ITS IN HIS CHEESE VIDEO THE FIRST THING HE ATE
ill nevuh fuhget that furst day down't pit. me n me father
RAID sneeleRaid nevo1sS nevo1sS
nevo1sSmiles
bum shaking emote is STILLmassive
DAYS OF CHRISTMAS ONE
WHAT A BRIGHT TIME ITS THE RIGHT TO PRESS THE BUTTON HEY
WOAH
I LOVE FECAL MATTER" is the most NEVO statement ever (username or not)"
Iloveplayingskeldmap
OKAY pls do the days of christmas one
amastasia can you wait 5 days before gifting your next sub pleek. im povo and relying on kindness of strangers at christmas nevo1sSmiles
IM KIDDING BTW and being cheeky
WHAT THE HELL
the budget for the NEVVYS just DOUBLED
OHHHH THATS MY OTHER ACCOUNT I WAS CONFUSED THEN
new fall guys map prospero ano fall guys map
hey there yorkshire we chuffin luv ya
STREAMER RAGE
he broke his lightbulb once it was dark after that x
ive made 2 really good jokes today that got ignored...
i havent filled the form yet cos im so nervous
what if i forget something ESSENTIAL like the funniest BIT ever
democracy is scary. what if read the ballot wrong and vote reform </3
OHHH YEA  chillest with most aura nevling was when i paused filling in the form because all nevlings are neeks
no im neekiest of all nevo1sSmiles
EW! NEVER TELL HIM THAT EVER
guys one time conan raged over vc cos he was trying to hang up an extension lead and it fell down loads... not chill
conans never in chat cos hes joined military
@lyraawr apparently hes in time travel segment and works near hindenburg or something????
Meat is murder btw :(
do a tierlist of chat members but you can only use 5 words to explain each
sometim
so hard to live in pauls shadow, im just a girl coincidentally called pauline mccartney. nevo1sFrowns
guys whats the best nevo clip of 2024 im filling my ballot but i dont have any opinions of my own nevo1sSmiles
END IT? bruh dont tell streamers to end their lives. its so mean
you said whichever nevling finds him gets 10 gifted subs?
anyone else have no baby photos? nevo1sFrowns
yes its snowing for me and i live at 76 Linkley Drive LU4 8SP
@AnastasiaBvrhausen LETTERBOXD? nevo1sJacob
nevo shaved his chest hair for the wire he wore to sellout the stoners at cex nevo1sFrowns nevo1sFrowns
i watched jack manifolds podcast hes kind of quite lame on it
hes just like yea i spent 1k this week by accident OOPSIE!
SHUT UP WE GET YOURE RICH BECAUSE 12 YEARS OLDS GIFTED YOU 100 SUBS IN 2020
youve spent 210 minutes on this game today nevo1sSmiles
TouchOfSalt im letting happy birthdays go unsaid. this streamer ignores them half the time
when i followed nevo1st on twitch i got a new birth cerficiate in the post.. maybe thats why we all have similar ones
YOUVE CHANGED MY LIFE WITH THAT SUB. I AM SO VERY GRATEFUL. i love You.
thats what id say
crank that SOULJA BOY
@AnastasiaBvrhausen BOO
say DECLAN. anastasia likes that a lot
@AnastasiaBvrhausen Ill catch it in me mouf nevo1sSmiles
nevo pick any vegetable PLS its an experiment
SAY A VEGETABLE its a social study
just one more drink...
SHOOOTCASE
are you actually going to sleep cos i got a tiktok dm from you at 4am
https://www.tiktok.com/@giygde/video/7437769521475210542 MORE BARRON
she meant dont kill yourself me thinks
GIRL U NEED TO GO TO BED NEVO
carly simon on the soundtrack
DID ANYONE SEE ROSSANA PANSINO MADE HER DAD INTO CANNABIS AND SMOKED HIM????
took a break from mr beast hating to smoke a joint of her dads ashes
id fall asleep watching piglets big movie and wake up through the night and itd be on loop
Nevo can i go to the toilet? i tried to go at break but there was a queue
MY FAVOURITE ONE
I JUMP INTO THE GAMER QUICKLY TYPE IN THE LETTERS
i love in the desciption it says: people mentioned - corpse husband (i think its a new ai thing)
KARL JACOBS?
im gonna type out all the lyrics for the album as a punishment for my sins
messaging charlie surprise stuff is crazy
once i dmed nevo something to show on stream and i had to delete a nsfw gif directly above it... nevo1sFrowns
I WAS THE ONE WHO SENT IT nevo1sBosh
conan sent it to me and i said OMG LOOK WHAT CONAN SENT ME
WAIT PASTE? those carrots could do with chopping up too, perhaps into paste
@lyraawr its in nevos BELLY
im really excited for the new fall guys map
i can just time u out bigfattyfatso
Dont forget to dance
DANCE DANCE DANCE
u said ud dance
you said youd dance. But maybe not.
yea im not using the sprinkler emote
GANGNAM STYLE
IT LIVES
WE CAN ALL HEAR IT
GREAT start to a GREAT stream! lets get this bread
music too loud, the wenford thing played again i thiiiink
KILL RIZZO NOW
rip rizzo ii
I REDEEMED ALIVE HIM
average twitch streamer : send me a baby picture on discord
1 fousand but whats the diff
im doing a double bill of paddington 3 and heretic at cinema TOMOZ
horrid henry and ic3mini are so cousins
if you forgot can it be marriage material? :(
Piglets Big Moooovie
imagine the accent crossover of wallace and gemmas child
@AnastasiaBvrhausen australia is his ideal honeymoon location x
Im so autistic i heard you say bird and i was like yea like chanel an african grey
@nintendogsforswitch HOLY COW
the nevlings have gone feral I love it
DONT BE BORING just kill chatters its 12k channel points anyway
i dont wanna be mean to. a baby" "chat im gonna make the ugliest baby of all time""
DOX DOX DOX
Because your regular order is rank
!play
u guys want to support womens rights but not womens wrongs... just weird
my mother was a woman so womens rights mean a lot to me x
PANICKED thinking i have a weird growth but it was just biscuit crumbs nevo1sSmiles
HEY THERE YORKSHIRE
WE CHUFFIN LUV YA
LONG COVID
if you die do we get sub refunds?
which nevlings would get an invite to nevo funeral
pipe was born in 2011
youre still live
im hacking into the mainframe rn i was gonna take down your wifi but i think ill just take your stream key
dm it to me please i wanna go LIVE to all the nevlings
theres something else jesus wouldnt like, my friend jimbob told me about it
Thanks ic3mini also known as harry
ive seen nevo shed tears over miis before and now its whatever i don't care""
ethan say skibidi.
why are we doxing the rizzler further?
OWEN CREWS can we not dox the rizzler pls
i thought your birthday was yesterday? my bad! HAPPY BIRTHDAY
ill stream on christmas eve, im gonna do eye contact simulation with viewers
wow whos idea was that....
whats under the nevling christmas tree, a new camera for nevo
NONBINARY TEACHER?
I like it better blurry, that way we dont have to see nevo
NOOO. okay next game.
you lost everything before gemmas love for wallace. nevo1sFrowns
AFTER*
Pleek.Pleek.Pleek.
ChriabCHREW
twiabtwue
I almost watched piglets big movietoday after this
!game piglets big game
!title PIGLET'S BIG GAME TIME
i already watched 3 films today and im seeing two in cinema tomoz... should i stay up for piglet
papas is a Big game. better to finish this than have it looming
WAIT u said YOU CANT SEE POLL RESULTS
WHEN IT WAS THE GAY OR STRAIGHT POLL U SAID IT WAS ANONYMOUS
YOU LIED
bye jamie nevo1sSmiles
SONG TIME SONG TIME
NO SOUND EPIC
welp whats everyones favourite vape. i like seasonal christmas pudding nevo1sSmiles
yea we got it jumping, yea we got it jumpin
@AnastasiaBvrhausen absolutely lush. would love to see 12 years olds at bus stop vaping that
NEVO it had no sound that whole time you teeny man
put on the amongus christmas album for morale pls
nevo i like this song but it might be too long for the rewuest https://youtu.be/ctTLLZ-YDN0?si=cHRTNSNMpssJ2Aqq
!sr https://youtu.be/ctTLLZ-YDN0?si=cHRTNSNMpssJ2Aqq
!sr I love you jesus
!sr https://youtu.be/LLr0lOF685M?si=bd1mAMECG06avhCy
fall guys map is NOTHING compared to I wish i could play amongus everydya
nevlings put how many alive grandparents youve got in chat. im sat at ZERO
nevlings dont joke about homophobia challenge nevo1sSerious GayPride LesbianPride
nevo viewer tierlist : Mod = epic. Vip (earned) = slay. Vip (luck) = YUCK. regular girl chatter = fair enough. regular male chatter = prison time.
hes been making videos for years on youtue then he started on tiktok but made them about real estate
yea bit more at stake in squid game nevo
okay well i know jamie above me is madness
Can u end this stream now. youcan still play the game but dont put it online. its upsetting me
ROOOOOOOOO
have you seen a real kangaroo pouch and a really young joey. its all red and goopy
It looks like something rhett and link would make to laugh at
NO ONE TALK ABOUT TIERLIST ANYMORE I GOT BELOW SNEELE AND JAMIEEC. ITS OUTRAGEOUS
why tf am i so low then. UNMOD ME NOW/
NEW NEVLINGS MISSED BRAT LISTENING PARTY?
what a crazy time in history that was
i ate off my carebear today even though you say its dirty btw
@Rizzo04 Yes! i spilt dry cereal and ate it. crazy cos i wont use a square fork because it seems dirty to me
jsut tried to google seals but googled sneele. Brain Rot nevo1sSneele
SKIP THAT THEYRE TORIES
hi nevo fun fact ladbaby donate all the profits from the song to foodbanks but vote tory despite the austerity they caused increasing foodbank usage nevo1sSmiles not to get political
i knew that from tiktok..
@nevo1st can you mod ic3mini im swept off my feet rn with modwork
@lyraawr are you also swept off your feet?
Mods, we need to commune and nominate ic3mini for mod
YOU HAVE SNEELE AS A MOD
he times out people he doesnt like for 10 mins for a laugh
slash announcement anastasia doesnt wanna be mod nevo
shockingly i didnt beg for mod... i begged for vip though
as mod, STOP asking to be mod (inspired my ic3mini)
anyone want to know a fun fact about walrus? Theyre pregnant for about 16 MONTHS
? where did that come from G
i thought our friendship was payment enough nevo1sSmiles
SKIP THIS SHIT
treacleforbrains nevo1st
Right Im going for a SHOWER. im so excited to watch Piglets Big Movie nevo1sSmiles (i said i was gonna go bed at midnight -_-)
@AnastasiaBvrhausen I KNOW but ive been waking up at like 2pm..... (I know)
NEVO UNMOD ME RN youre so ungrateful for all i do GOODBYE
hi STREAMER <3 have you heard of the 2 ORANGES and COLGATE trend challenge? mr beast just posted it! you should try it!
nevo im a jehovahs witness LOL, my family dont celebrate :(
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 we don't celebrate christmas or birthdays
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 No celebration because its not supported in scripture :( i eat chocolate though
NEVER FORGET
my brothers nickname was tigger cos he used to bounce when he was happy.. oh for it to be 2010 again
i cant believe you thought youd complete this game yesterday...
pls turn this song off it reminds me of generational traumas of my irish ancestors
you dont care about the troubles? please end stream evil treacle
ill hit you!
COME TO MY ENDS ULLGET SLAPPED
dont worry the power of love healed my laptop. my fist is bleeding and i need to go a&e for stitches. bye
BACON BUTTEH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
did i love you jesus play yet...
hope nevlings liked trisha
https://www.tiktok.com/@trishlikefish88/video/6926210450807852293
once at my friends house i threw a golf ball at her because i didnt realise it was heavy
Kayes pls change your username.. theres already a KACIE and i dont want her to get confused nevo1sSmiles
owen CREWS
i wanna see the baboons
girl they call you the BADiator cos youre an unskilled gamer
its time to end stream nevo1sSerious
im cold though and this game makes me colder
get in vc and let someone else talk for you
MEOW
@AnastasiaBvrhausen SAY I LIKE MY SUITCASE
i like my schoooouitcase
I LOVED THAT
see how i said that 10 mins ago.
NIGHT NIGHT TREACLE
NO RENAME KAYES ill get scared.... sorry kayes
YES YES YES. A fortnite stream from my favourite streamer CONNOREATSPANTS nevo1sSmiles
i cant join rn im eating. nevo1sFrowns akselWHY
nevo i havent seen this shirt before. i know all the nevo wardrobe. or so i thought. Can you warn before new shirt next time
 USE CODE NEVO1ST IN FORTNITE ITEM SHOP
POOCREAM GOT A SUB
HOLY cow
MY SUB literally expires tomorrow nevo1sFrowns so unlucky
charlie is like meg in family guy... yea hes annoying but he has feelings
i played squads with nevo, before i even left the battle bus he had 10 kills
@ttvbest_fortnite_player is charlie, he loves to say SKIBIDI
me when im in mr beast last to leave circle wins challenge
Mod here: please don't cross over Sneele_ bits onto the Nevo1st stream
hi rizzo.
notice how anastasia isnt in chat... also i think folklohre is busy with ave earlier irl
@AnastasiaBvrhausen OK so now you appear. its you mandypackitin
why is icespice so tall
HOWS THERE ANYONE ELSE LEFT TO SUB
our nev is new tommyinnit x akselHAPPY
and you said yum" when their user was on screen LOL"
i could pin the rules so people dont beg to join but I don't know what the rules are
STOP GIVING THIS MAN MONEY
BUY A NEW WEBCAM NEVO. PUT UP UR FRIGGEN LIGHTS. people are investing in you streamer
Nevo can you write the 41 names on your whiteboard pls.
bigmanting
Nevo can u get some women guests on stream (not me). i thought this was a safe space..
nevo did you enjoy cat in the hat last night? did it kill you i wasnt there? akselHAPPY
@AnastasiaBvrhausen just what ive come to expect from this man...
honestly who do you vote to remove after that trainwreck
PLEASE GRIDDY. i want to see it. griddy on the camera.
chug two leeta pop challenge
nevo stand back.... I WANNA SEE THE FULL BODY GRIDDY
tell mod support ic3mini i think he's so brave to play with this stinker squad
what happened to the other fortnite vod on YOUCHOOB
everyone but in nevnation just chatting @ethan SAY SKIBIDI
CHARLIE YOU SAID YOU WERE GONNA KILL MY CHILD NEPHEW TO HIS FACE.... HES TEN
i think we SHOULD harrass ethan
he joined a party and was SILENT
thank you for the rose! yum! icecream so good
i cant believe yu didnt do a i saw mummy kissing santa claus one with i saw red venting in med bay or something
amongus xmas songs produced by triabtrue would go so hard
ADD A WOMAN or youre evil
i dont want to join rn dw luxembourg
ic3mini is so goated. honorary medal needed
ic3mini got me 65 crowned vic roys and and he was emptying his dishwasher at the same time as gaming for half
run the poll GOODBYE skibidi nevo
ngl im not joining cos im too scared for the vote... akselHAPPY
i liked blts but now im vegetarian!
MOVE BACK
I WANNA SEE THE GRIDDY FR
TIKTOK FARMING
...clip *
Happy birtdhay neville. 65 and ready to retire!
JamieEC sometimes youre a bit Rude
MUSTARD roly poly
neville i want to play nevo1sSmiles i got my brothers mic... nevo1sSmiles
such a good time to have 4 siblings, im so patient and good nevo1sSmiles
IM HAVING DEJA VU
its chee or something
TEEHEE this is revenge for my nephew
charlie i just leaked it bestie
THE MIDDLE OF SCHOOL AT 10PM
we can all ping him on discord nevo1sSmiles
I heard it but it was quiet
Bruh im gonna stream snipe
DO NO BUILD. for my stream snipe.
I THINK voting me out shouldnt be possible Cause im only women to volunteer to be on stream... pleek get some girlbosses on
ETHAN SAY SKIBIDI
NEVILLE I JUST SPENT 800Vbucks WITH YOUR CODE!
did i do it wrong why did no one vote
LOL NO ONE VOTED
SAY TOILET NOW
my paidhacks art still pops up on starting screen sometimes
smokedoublechee1 your cousin threatened my ten year old nephew with death
work it on the remix
i bought a pair of fortnite shoes and they dont even work on my SKIN nevo1sFrowns
It was free battlepass vbucks..
you get leperacy if you dont use code NEVO1ST
im from north england nevo.
least he didnt get accused of being an alt or bot
YOU SHOT SHIELD I SWEAR
my favourite part of the fortnite streams is the reliance on a 16 year old to hold it together
i started uni in 2021 and dropped out too. #twin
dropped out and got a job at cex you mean
Im gonna throw up and bluetooth it to you IF SNEELE TAKES MY SPOT ive waited patiently for
@AnastasiaBvrhausen Hi
are you enjoying the stream Anastasia Beaverhausen
im worried about tooth decay AND i got donowalled AND called out on it..
TWIRL HACK. bite off both ends and use it as a straw for tea. it goes melted and delicious
Rizzo pls dont reply to my chats. I dont like what you have to say
mods? i just heard a no no word
change your name change your name change your name
nevo can oyu talk a bit quieter my volume control buttons broke
My mums just said shes turning off the wifi since she heard someone bark
DONT MARRY SOMEONE FOR £5  and twitch takes like £3 of it
jamie ec wanted to play too
Im gonna get woted out after one game :(
And im worried about tooth decay
OKAY USA PRESIDENCY
can you save dilly dallying for when im there. im actually against violence so dont like murder
i mean. I don't know what to say as mod. wish someone else was here rn. missing my mod fam
@nintendogsforswitch OH HI THANK THE LORD. PEOPLE WERE MAKING JOKES BUT THEY WERENT FUNNY
@nintendogsforswitch STAY MYTHICAL CorgiDerp nevo1sCbeebiesBaby TouchOfSalt
NEVO PLAY MINIGAMES YOU WOULD RAGE SO BAD
you wanna play with a regular ass? Weird
i think they joined and asked and then got it instantly
ic3mini deserves vip for cohosting fortnite streams.
Anastasia doesnt want to be made mod ! dont forget! you just acknowledged it but like dont forget
lucie ive been waiting 5ever for my turn. Im gonna die instantly then get voted out. :)
Close your eyes and imagine it says victory royale for the biccy
Im married my surname has been legally changed from pain
...RIP egghead fever
everyone readying up... I thought itd be a poll
I want to join pls Mai gay ugly guy
Suck Duck JK
!discord
marshall Mathers!
i think i voted for MYSELF TOO
DONT SAY THAT COS THEY WILL
Hi Neville. Did you die yet?
why are you making a house for HARDCORE. even i know thats odd
dream wouldnt build a house. hed message minors but he wouldnt build shelter
my sister unironically used to read dream x gnf fanfic :D
I fink the apples rotten write to the core.
me and my siblings used to spiltscreen minecraft tutorial on ps3 for like 3 months before my mum let us gbuy the game :(
SPEEDrun. does that normally involve roleplay? im new to this community!
bro youre gonna build probably 4 houses if you make one after each death
MAKE SHEARS.... ITS A SPEEDRUN
doo doo doo doo (dream music)
ill play but only if i get to die instantly for the bit
brand awareness but it only says nevo in the like 8th hashtag
did you see the lunchly brought together Podcast and LOGAN was shading them the whole time
literally so toxic. if you cant film a corpse in a PUBLIC place then what can you do.
I LIKE! I LIKE my SCHHHUOITCASE
diamonds? this is like a settling down and getting married run not a speedrun.
Neville reign this madness in
MLG
when i was a kid i got chris brown and gordon brown mixed up nevo1sFrowns
the imminent death vibe is such a Thrill!
say enderdragon 3 times a in a mirror and it appears and gives you an egg
Stop stomping on your crops
my friend offered me a bacon butty once then made it in a microwave -_-
english peepol be like : buckits of wahuh
why dont you just die on purpose now and let fin and fivoo carry you
@nintendogsforswitch closure! i cant believe he sounded so disappoinyed when he thought it was me
uncs out at night hes gonna die imminently
die and youll end up at spawn!
when is SQUID GAME TWO!
EW JAMIE dont put that in chat /J
pls change your skin when you die too nevo1sSmiles
bro GUFFAWED
i remember where!
you either prolong death or speedrun death. youre not even gonna make it to the nether.
nether together okay bars
wilbur soot merch idea : teefin toy
i just got an ad. how can i mod effectively with ads? akselWHY
i think ill do a smile when nevo dies
in game not irl
@lyraawr Thanks for the gift sub! THANK YOU akselL
nevo1st has best modteam on twitch i heard?
And best mod support too
you have conans email
I CANT WAIT THAT LONG! DIE NOW!
nevo can you give me a nevo i spent 10 mins on that campaign
NEVVY*
is your target audience kids now? should i go watch jack manifold instead?
everytime you sleep it adds 8 hours to the speedrun btw
hi nikita
pls take 10 hearts of damage NOW.
@whatupyomama @AnastasiaBvrhausen
OH MY GOD DUH
this stream is like hearing your aunties bicker at christmas dinner
put nevo in 1st hes the weakest link
TouchOfSalt
just because someone was born with unmarried parents doesnt mean you have to start namecalling nevo.
12345678
HI sneele_
nevo i actually think your skill has improved as much as i love to hate
Im starting something called the nightmare smp next month. with me nightmare and my friend greggotfound
@lyraawr Omg yes! pls dont turn out to be a gambler on a controversial platform
when the streamer leaks the code! well he just mgiht like to know! he put a great big smile on my faaaaace!
screw the nether i guess
great! i hope kcpain plays next but shes so good she has to be vlindfolded
crazy how i didnt even get on the wheel. CorgiDerp i literally was on dream smp
this is like film night except ive been server muted and excluded nevo1sFrowns
whatupyomama whats your opinion on john pork
@nintendogsforswitch thanks. i thought the filmnights were adding up to something. me and my 3 gay besties </3
/ban ialwayscomeback1113
I GOT USER WRONG
fml unmod me. IM DUMB. my friends all played minecraft without inviting me. im worlds worst mod. no one wanted to join nightmare smp
the whole point was i wanted to get invited to reject the invite. nevo1sSmiles
i was the mediator between the break up. kind of sad to be honest cos they were like my parents
the whole point was i wanted to get invited to reject the invite.  nevo1sSmiles
ITS CHARITY WORK WHAT AM I GONNA JOIN AND SPECTATE
IM NOT A COMMENTATOR
I only begged for an INVITE... so then i could reject it. im not in mood to be court jester today. im actually sad today. recovering from yetserdays fortnite poll.
nevo can you parent trap these 2 so i have my two buddies to third wheel again
I KNOW THIS ONE!
anastasia i know it
a ballpit room and a room for cooking, whats tht called again
i made it onto nevo1st tiktok today #humble
GIRL i sent you one dm of it conan. i hope you die. (in game)
nevo copy and paste this into minecraft /kill Mr_Fart__
flowers are for morale. do you think england would have won the war without poetry, art and beauty?
bye conan. bye anastasia.
I liked these cohosts shame theyre gone :(
@sneele_ i liked the chemistry of will they wont they with conan and anastasia
you didnt even add kerloud
jamieec sounds like the girl from the 9/11 bald martin tribute (its a CALLBACK)
how does jamie have enough money for all these takeaways.
@AnastasiaBvrhausen it was really classy
MR blobby
can you ask jamie how they built stone henge?
im 82. been making music since the 60s n that.
coal lava. welcome back cole palmer
PUMPKIN
3 generations as well. grandad, nevo and nevos son
changing the rules now but didnt want to change them for me :(
OMG triabtrue next to the mic stream debut
ban kacie stairs? my name is kacie pain? wtf
i was kidding nevo1sSmiles
i blinked and you died
chriab chrew accept my fwend wequest NOW
anastasia do you want to join my hardcore server where we beat the game?
Guys moddidng so hard today. should i get paid a fiver
I DIDNT SAY YES COS U MADE IT SEEM LIKE CHARITY WORK
can you pay me £5. ive ran like 3 predictions and i need to buy a hot glue gun.
TURN TRIABTRUE UP
Pillager tower
dont go near youll die
go in you might get a nice banner
land on the grey thing it takes your fall damage away
Autistic mod here pls dont joke about banning it confuses me
nevo1sSmiles
@AnastasiaBvrhausen i guess if a vip asks for a banning id have to do it to be honest
oopsie soz about that
ITS 7PM!!!!!
change the gamer category perhaps? -_-
yes
some of these photos are #throwbacks
sorry nevo i got a package a day early so im guessing thats why yours is late
hes not that loud for me imo
whos gonna win btw? id rather not waste points on the prediction
i had MASH and BEANS.
@AnastasiaBvrhausen Haire
worst potato IS boiled.
this is my first time in a discord server with FEMALES
did hairehdb wake up from a coma? Why did he not know what gambling was
I GOT MY ACCOUNT BACK btw nevo1sSmiles
whos stream is which? nevo1sSmiles
loser has to give every chatter one sincere compliment. (impossible with nevlings)
END STREAM DELETE THE VOD START AGAIN AT 9PM
nevo uses his friends for Free content and RAGES at them
i voted harry cos last time I voted him and he won
@chrisdavid SAVE US
okay im learning to knit while i watch this stream. nevo will gamerrage and i will knitrage. nevo1sSmiles
i hear TOO MUCH about poo on these streams
happy birthday panglewang nevo1sSmiles
when harry wins nevo is gonna go THIS WASNT FAIR
omg end stream start again next week
i hate when youre all mean to eachother nevo1sFrowns  i already have divorced parents the conflict hurts my bones
Grengus Mcgoof
Or somefink
WHY WOULD YOU EVER BELIEVE JAMIE OVER ME? -_-
i jinxed the death of nelson mandela nevo1sSmiles
you sat Near him
im busy november 16th. im free tomorrow though
Loser has egg cracked on their head :(
loser fills their shoe with MAYO then wears it
Did u do Chreetop chrubul ?
hi ic3mini nevo1sSmiles
nevo1sSmiles I don't know what that means but sure
nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles
Smile is yorkshire SMILES is that horrible nevo pic
NEVO why do you have a middle part rn LOL
fuck off" Under his breath"
someone" im literally paul mccartney"
wow impressive :) Hmm
Jesus
i should be happy because i bet on harry but i feel so concerned for nevo
if nevo loses he punishes himself by pouring mouthwash into his carpet and sucking it out
tbh it wasnt a suggestionand more a nevo fun fact.
wait you went to cannes film festival? classy
if youre not racist add a deji emote
hes like if tommyinnit Befriended andrew tate instead of tubbo
@ic3mini hi harry
@ic3mini hi mod spokesperson
im so excited for Christmas, nevnation 4 and the return of the messiah
Left = Tom Right = Harry (i think)
harry your mums dead""
rip harry's mum
im starting to feel sorry for this tom character. clearly his personality is a consequence of these toxic friends
stop talking about dead mums. i have a friend whos mum is dead. not a thing to joke about at all.
i got nevos mum a flower. it was a rose. rose toy. :p . just kidding
HI AVE
tom should go to the shops to buy nevo ORANGES. i wanna see the two oranges and colgate challenge
Im starting to feel sad. can you be kind to eachother?
fml my parents are separated. then my mum married and got divorced. and now nevo and his pals are arguing. :(. too much conflictt
ive made my skin for nevnation 4. itis gonna be epic. TouchOfSalt
NEVO can you do that agan i missed the screenshot? thanks x
are you cheating? im actually asking sincerely cos I don't know how the game works PunchTrees
nevo cheated wheres the integrity
Nevo left the save and joined a new one I THINK
SORRY I JUST LOVE JUSTICE im autistic x
sincerely I don't know if he did cos im not a gamer but i am a worldclass snitch
akselL snitch squad
wait nevo has to do the orange and colgate challenge
i think nevo should leak his address and full name!
YOU CHEATED
YOU HAVE NO MORALS
and you made me Snitch and i dont like being that person
Omg nevo Let kacie pain stream on the nevo1st channel. i want to do a Staring Contest
I ONLY GOT EXTRA 55 POINTS. I BETTED 1500.
can you eat a spider
can you do a punishment where you have to be kind to anastasia for a whole stream
i jinxed the death of nelson mandela by joking he was dead. You shouldnt dabble with Grim Reaper.
NO watch tracy beaker eat a worm instead
Its topical
these worms are Ugly!
name a worm after ME.
changing amember of terrorist group to kaciepain is crazy
you dont ask you dont get. #begforlife
EFUN SAY SKIBIDI
that singing was actually beautiful
i better not be an ugly worm
kaciepain made the worm cut. epic
i really love the haunting pateawayo theme every 5 minutes
can i time out jamie?
what should i buy in playstation store while theres black friday sale? nevo1sFrowns
i just wanna know what my worm looks like lowkey
i like the whimsy of this game letting you name all the worms. everything else is like whatever
this is like raftwars but advanced
if i get killed by ladbaby the police will be involved
robert isnt this like incredibly racist?
kacie pain worm on TOP
this makes me want gummy worms
juicewrld skin is a moment in history. imagine not getting it
DONT DO THAT. UR CHAT IS SO RANCID BECAUSE OF THE WAY YOU ACT
thats proper nasty
@lyraawr JEDWARD SKIN IN A DUO WOULD BE SO SICK. like yes thats john and edward
is sanjay bennet callums corner married to who?
that worm up there" thats literally ME"
they sing supershy!
im the last nevling worm? thats epic
I almost drowned once irl:D
can i have vip. im sick of being mod. I don't know what  that song was though
lowkey feeling like victim of sexism as this worm rn
Rip
did anyone else feel real pain when their worm died?
why am i being replaced when i slayed so hard last round
being replaced is so evil
Fun Fact The average life span of a worm is 4-5 years
@nintendogsforswitch Earth worms use their skin to breath and do not have lungs:)
im starting to find nevo to be somewhat unpleasant
youre being a bit nasty and snarky today nevo, its becoming a hr issuw
I just ate two slices of plain bread because i got pepsi drunk (drank so much pepsi i shook)
such a greedy bugger nevo
ave is such a cool worm
LOL
omed
OMEGALUL
nevos gone for a vape
hes a grown man jamie, he can vape if he wants
nevo really likes Dustin Milligan from the film hot frosty
either/or IS FINE!!!! yes i love elliott smith
i hate that logo, all the worms lined up looks like a foot
Its okay i can do the prediction when the time comes
Chris David hasnt responded to my dms :(
Wormstok is real
how did they settle on the placement of that tattoo?
@ymeou if you ever have a baby and have to do skin to skin contact in the hospital itll be you, the baby and a worm. let that sink in
nevnation 4 but everyones a worm
gore of my comfort character [deji slowly drowning]
HEY GUYS COMEDY SHORTS GAMER HERE
WORM FUN FACT Worms are generally most active a night-time, so that's actually when a lot of the pooing happens!
why are you being mean to a child? aremt you like 3 grown men?
@ymeou i googled earthworm cocoon its UGLY it looks like blisters
deji tiktok compilation. DEJI wouldve won by now! deji actually completed this game before it even came out
I FINNA BE IN THE PIT!
Drowning deji is EVIL
this is gonna go crazy on wormstok
the who wants to be a millionaire stream was really Sweaty
the first one i think in a suit and tie.
Theyre cousins and also husbands i think!
what do you think ian moores favourite film is?
if i was a worm i'd chill under ground and have so much fun
Lets not forget the Cuphead forfeit you havent done.
you promised ymeou this whole stream.
do not go on vc2.
yMEW. me when someone asks how to get a good jawline. YUH MEW!
we can hear you twice because someones watching stream btw
THAT SOUNDS HORRID
M M M M MOUSE TIME
pact is just ic3mini winning because hes new to the game and also a child
LOL
LAD BABYS WIFE IS CALLED ROXANNE
YouTube star Deji's dog to be destroyed after biting elderly woman""
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-cambridgeshire-50823222 TO BE DESTROYED is so funny
Im discovering so much deji dog lore rn thanks
Finding out they call a dog death sentence destruction" is so funny to me IM SORRY. Rip Tank."
telling my mum I NEED to buy a pc but the only game ill play is worms
shouldnt you be scurrying as a mouse rn
@chrisdavid can you draw whos going to win this game
i hope neville wins
nevlings im so sleepy but i want to see who wins
i watched a film about rats and water. its called flushed away. it was alright i guess
SOMEONE KILL SOMEONE ALREADY
the water is rising. greta thunberg do something
Welp
vOTE ME FOR BEST MOD! im so nice and love all the nevlings equally nevo1sSmiles
BUH BYE
i hate this song.
I LIKE FAIRY TALE OF AMONG US AND I WISH I COULD PLAY AMONG US EVERYDAY. theyre genius. this is just. meh
woah impressiveMMMMM
tracy beaker ate a worm it made her throw up
VOTE PAULMCCARTNEY AS BEST MOD! nevo1sBosh  pls. pleeeease. its all ive got
xcuse me one sec ma mate juliettes had a babeh
congratulations
UGLY ASS BABY
call it GimpyPermBoy
why would you even consider naming it after SMASH UR HEAD IN WIV A  BWICK
NevPreg. his week off was morning sickness. it all makes sense
Happy birthday nevo!!
can i have a worm pls
not the game a wiggly worm
I dint mean to kill the baby, it just died
charlie i refunded your points (vote paulmccartney as best mod) :)
MARRIED. thats a bit full on
they used to put raw carrots in fruit bowl at my primary school. youd get in trouble for saying NO THANKS. but it was grim
@bill_schitt well if you went to same school as nevo it adds up
Mason is baby led weening
so brave to speak on nevo stream. some people bully your voice in this chat
so brave to let nevo make you into a mii.. he was so cruel to me
all the nevlings have glasses. epidemic of blindness
did you get a haircut? .
relevant because cal the dragon and NEVOS HAIRCUT appointment. so meta
ethans got worms. does he need antibiotics or should we just put him down?
then you get those chalky pills from the chemist" Girl thats just a you thing"
did you ever stop and think about keeping the worms as pets
can we get MORE shirtless men on the nevo stream Please
i liked it
i forgot shes still there
crazy how much i had to beg for fortnite to become respected round these parts
send a LINK!
Make a tiktok of him thats somewhat flattering for attention then
wait the really handsome guy.... simple simon.
dont put my chats in the tiktok I dont want my sister to see that
Blurry cam bestie
can i have it? i wanna use it as a chew toy
even if i livestream the chewing?
the tiktok comments will be Glaaazing" "woah nevos zesty for simple simon" "someone wants to get noticed -_-""
This looks like if an alien came to earth and wore human disguise
Next person to disrespect anastasia gets timed out
Ew
if you carry on hes gonna call you out for boxing match instead of playing fortnite with you
https://www.instagram.com/p/DBQXuk2ohTI/?hl=en Thats who youre desparate to play with?
okay i cant support that
you need to do stubble
MMBAPPEDY TOILET
NO NO NO. I cant deal with fortskin
Yuck
tasha is gonna kill you and also why can i hear a cat
DINNERS ON SAKA. okay maybe not
OH WAIT! WEVE GOT WINTER STUFF!
CALS WORKING
nevo i liked after hours nevo1sSmiles  im yet to watch the beaver one
THERES A WEIRD CRYING
!game worms revolution
UJUZI HAS WORMS TOO? i feel so sorry for him it sounds itchy
give a title suggestion first one will win
!title I'VE GOT WORMS!
IS ILLNESS A GAME TO YOU?
#prayersforanastasia
its alreet
is it crazy to say something about the worms looks tasty
HOMOPHOBIC
You dont HAVE to do it on stream
charlie say SKIBIDI
Hi racist ryan i mean ryanavfcc
a worms revolution is happening
no worms for ethan and alex! nevo1sSmiles
IM GETTING WORMS FOMO  D:
My laptop is ancient it wouldnt run Worms :(
My laptop wont even download steam nevermind worms :(
Im a little pink worm in the deep brown mud
ITS THE SCOTTISH DECLAN SONG
thanks anastasia
I love you and i hope we can be engaged soon
everyone else in that call could drop dead for all i care
@lyraawr They were mean to me
They took my scottish declan joke and made it RUDE
WHATS SEXUAL ABOUT MUD? IM SINCERELY CONFUSED
bye rizzo!
EXCELLENT! STREAMER IS ON HIS PHONE
I thought that was a very clever joke!
dm me a worms code then x just a cheeky joke
I WAS KIDDING because i cant download it
i accidentally got my mums bank account stopped for fraud because i bought a game AND SOMEHOW it was her card number on MY playstation
somehow" my brother used my playstation to play spiderman and put her details in it"
chris david changed my life
PAUL MCCARTNEY IS NOT A DICKHEAD
Mind your own business about that
i watched that new beatles doc today and all
this isn't the paul i know, end this madness
youve already met me x
this game is triggering me. crazy how he has the same name as me
play worms amongst yourselves" OK mr nevo"
ill never get over the beatles just being 4 guys but americans finding them so leng
Aw look at his smile
LOL
BOUGHT not brought. also i missed the start did he actually buy you?
i was in the bath and i ate soap
@JamieEC it found its way into my mouth, i didnt mean to
Why do they do such long descriptions like there arent illustrations AND the beatles arent famous ?
theyre called sex workers now ringo smh
this is SMUT
well if hes your grandfather than who knows
Come together right nooow over me (beatles lyric but also one of their hobbies)
WHAT
This shoudve stayed on ao3.
IM NOT LIKE MOST GIRLS!;p
? WHAT
that is sooooooo Lustful and grim
GEORGE!
Dont do it
how did they adapt to the crate so fast?
paul made the crate just for me!
WORMS ISN'T HAPPENING TODAY!!!! maybe another day
Ive voted mate
chat is either really feral today or im spaced out as hell
one does not simply play Pom Gets Wifi
chances of this being a game category...
!game Butter Me Up
!title RIZZING AS GORDON RAMSEY
Charlie stop
MORE PAULa. JEEZ palpitations all stream long
YELLOW ONE!
OMG thats my friend anastasia! famous! on STREAM!
sorry i saw yellow and thought it would be so american :(
i used to eat handfuls of sugar in the supermarket that spilt out the packet
hi rizzo
congratulations anastasia
You spammed charlie.
all this butter talk made me wonder what clover is. its a dairy soft spread" ive never eaten Real butter"
@SofiyeG LMAO i was thinking that
let her fall then put her buttery body in the deep fat fryer!
nevo i think your impression is pretty good by your standtads
Anastasia is flawless as per x
NSFW
JESUS
this is nawt approptiate
skip
NO NO
No dont say it
OBJECTS IVE SHOVED UP MY ARSE! butter
EW
stop this
LOL
Have a lickle bit of patience
I HAD CHICKEN BURGER. it changed my life.
is it gonna be silent one again
hi nevlings i ate some soap in the bath (low) and played with my dog (high) what is everyones highs and lows of the day
it was silent again btw nevo1sSmiles
@UjuziCC i dont remember but i just know there was taste of soap in my mouth after the bath
HELLO NEW PERSON! HELLO NEW PERSON! HELLO NEW PERSON!
how did elton john go from being so legendary to ladbaby collaborator
Just got anxious when he said mod. i was like OH GOD. another poll to run
!game Bully
!title BULLYING VIEWERS
not to be woke but bullying is kind of wrong
what the hey
i dided cos someone has tnt" nevnation 3 all over :("
PUMPKIN
but not nonbinary kisses.... okay streamer
nevo1sFrowns
everyone send a picture of your mum in the discord NOW. i cant because my mum is lost media
ninja braless wife
wait i meant to google that
Just kidding
Hey guys LGBTQ is Pogchamp!
teehee
can someone make an hour long lore breakdown of the divorce pls
film nights are so awkward post divorce i miss my happy nevnation family
right. enough.
cant wait for new banned words post stream
admin chat is gonna go crazy tonight! nevo1sSmiles
YOURMUM IS SO BIG SHE has her own timezone!
i got isolation for biting my friend cos headteacher watched me do it nevo1sFrowns
i bit her because i wanted to go on her phone LOL
did anyone else have mass at school? nevo1sFrowns
THATS LIKE GREG HEFFLEY FAKING AN INFECTED SPLINTER FOR ATTENTION
IM not allowing anymore poo" in chats btw so PACK IT IN"
two teachers at my school were engaged and he CHEATED with another teacher. Then got ENGAGED to a Third teacher
at uni my flatmate was an opera singer in training and would sing from 7am to midnight:p
nevnation 4 is going to be LEGENDARY
I read a book about someone with ptsd from moderating tiktoks. me in the nevo chat <3
@AnastasiaBvrhausen SAME
there were only 7 people in my year.. and one bullied me for being poor everyday But her family only had money because they FOSTERED her
STILL SALTY i said id kll her in the fortnite stream oops
if u can fix a bike u can fix a car... bla bla royal navy
@amrkhaledesam i ran this through AI detector and apparently its 0% ai nevo1sSmiles
i threw up in my first week at a new school over a boys shoulder nevo1sFrowns  i didnt even know his name to apologise
covid mask.
technically not relevant that hes hard of hearng
dyspraxic nevo
MY FRIEND HAD THAT HAPPEN TO HER AND SHE NEEDED STITCHES FROM THE GLASSES
DO THEY DO MATHS AT THIS SCHOOL why are they always doing somert goofy
evil doer is gonna be a new  Echolalia
EVIL DOER! EVIL DOER! EVIL DOER!
its a song,, can i call you rooooose? cos your something
get lost charlie
lets all face reveal in the discord CorgiDerp  321 go!
@UjuziCC WAIT? what were you eating in that video?!?!
there was a nonce teacher at my school but i basically did the matilda miss trunchbull routine to scare him away no big deal
CAN u end stream now i wanna have a cuppa then go bed
I LOVE WHEN NEVO DOESNT STREAM but instead of saying im not streaming" he says "not sure" to people please"
LIKE THE 3RD TIME YOUVE TOLD ME TO SHUT UP. just ban me atp
you can't do a live bully along with a vod though
anyone wanna form a nevnation platonic partnership? starting to feel lonely with all this marriage and divorce
GOODBYE NEVO1ST! GOODBYE NEVO1ST! GOODBYE NEVO1ST!
GOODBYE NEVO1ST! GOODBYE NEVO1ST! GOODBYE NEVO1ST! GOODBYE NEVO1ST! GOODBYE NEVO1ST! GOODBYE NEVO1ST!
16th
my mum says i cant watch stream til i finish all my vegetables -_-
is this the schlatt version or do i need to go outside?
Wait nevo has a now taper fade
!discord
imagine not preparing in advance.. smh
fortnite! POG!
is it gonna work the same way as art competition? because that gave me palpitations
half of 32 is famously 15
8 months. the baby is almost ready to be born
EVIL VAL (her mum) made her delete all her vids :(
HI ANASTASIA
make it on a wee? Why would you even say that
can you wait til i find my mouse pls. its gone missing and i wanna lock in
just realised itll be mods run a poll" all friggen stream long"
@ic3mini LOL
CANT MAKE THE NOSE RED. CANT RUN STREAM AND MII MAKER AT SAME TIME SMH
girl wheres timer at
I used to like mii maker competition but too many sweats...
we dont hear anastasia
Okay im making the mii on my ipad if i get through to next round. LOCKING IN!
@potatoeman846 You should have permission, react to the nintendo thing in roles for the mii channel
STOP STIRRING THE VOTE
LOL LUCIE
@AnastasiaBvrhausen RUDE.
My one lowkey looks like nevo twinkdeath
so anxious rn :(
BRUH its the reference PIC
K im killing myself SLASH J
Not my fault nevo is tumble twink death is it
well rip
nah i stand by mine being better
you removed wrong role
nevo can you end stream now ive lost its not that entertaining
the moustache is rubbish lets me real. can you guys not use your imaginations. clearly not. im not salty. nevo1sSmiles
hes having a nose bleed
anastasia out first round, so are me and lucie. i guess being a nevgoat means nothing here
!game just chatting
rubbish impression, rubbish streamer, rubbish STREAN
Hi goosephatt
anyone elses mum kick them out the house for losing the competition and get called a family disappointment" nevo1sFrowns"
@lyraawr lets just walk towards eachother and meet halfway
just because im the black panTer doesnt mean i can go up the ladder
naked jeff thats crazy good
nevo i just had to deny about 20 poos
wow u look really different today
10 minutes ur mad
i can do a really good meerkat squeak
Not what i said brother
nah im not trying to get doxxed on stream
SCROLL UP
wait you cant compare the meerkat?
BECAUSE ave is probably reapplying the role
nevo stop SWAYING the audience
my brother in law has a phobia of brum
the thing about a phobia is its irrational x
what is the purpose of a car that doesnt fit anyone in it. climate killer
youre welcome
BILL > NEVO
!game tomodachi life
im watching this muted rn its such a peaceful experience
If nevo reacts to that chat i cant hear it
hi sneele
THE DOGS GOT THE TRIFLE BOWL???? nevo1sSmiles
Ethan say What?
hi jamie nevo1sSmiles
WAIT did you see that person who brought out a christmas cover ep? you should listen rn
who else overstimulated rn
my family are jehovahs witnesses nevo1sSmiles
EPIC
i just griddyed out of joy from seeing jafaar
let me send you a christmas card nevo KevinTurtle
i sent conan a lovely christmas card. you're missing out loser sneelePew
IVE BEEN TO HIS GAFF before -_-
in primary school someone gave me the toy out of their shoe and i dropped it down a grid on purpose nevo1sFrowns
i cried myself to sleep i was so guilty
Down With Prefects
thats like animal farm, 4 legs good 2 legs bad
they probably thought it was a get well soon card for your own brain damage nevo1sSmiles
im so worried about you best lesbian
In my first week of uni all i ate was satsumas and granny smiths and it was Bad
maybe he had ibs. Someone at my school had ibs and did that
now nevo knows how joan of arc felt...
i was appointed stationary monitor" in year 7 and i HATED it bbecause i had to snitch on everyone"
it was before i had free will and thought of just lying
thats so mid though cos surely people are over it
im gonna whip and nae nae for your birthday. not gonna video it so youll just have to feel it in the air
my dog got put down dec 27th, my mum announced his euthanasia over CHRISTMAS DINNER
i'd get disowned if i put that on while my family are slaving away over a christmas meal
fave rhett and link song? (ive been getting into rhett and link music in a big way)
i didnt listen to that one cos i was too PC (i was like this is a SERIOUS ILLNESS!)
1
my delay is so BAD cos my wifi is Dogwater! nevo1sSmiles
o
X
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZGdM2mBxG/ BOUNCE
WAIT when i was a kid there was a xmas tree in the trafford centre that was HORRIBLE with eyes
My fridge is just 4 packs of clover and dog food -_-
IM WOKE AND I THINK BULLYING IS WRONG
I was too busy being bullied to bully :(
you @ed everyone for no reason
GIRL get amazon prime JEEZ
borrow someones you must know someone with it
I DONT HAVE A DAD nevo1sSmiles lifehack to save moneys
@Triabtrue I know right! and all my grandparents are dead too! So CHEAP when theyre Not Around
heartbreaking. i put off having a shower for an hour and now my brothers in the bath akselL CoolStoryBob
you got the jist :) !
girl just wear glasses atp. how have you done that multiple times
i wanna wear contact lenses but im scared ill be too gorgeous and people will treat me too kindly /j
nevo has seen my face and all. rude.
@AnastasiaBvrhausen YEA SAME. LIKE IF I TOOK THEM OFF AT MY OLD JOB PEOPLE SAID WOW UR SO PRETTY. thx. silliness.
when i was in primary school i put my hand up to ask to turn and a dinner lady slopped CUSTARD on my tray thinking i asked for seconds. i did not. and it got all in my hair and it was sticky af :(
Also ruined my cake because i dont like custard
you didnt have to ask to turn to dessert in primary school?
KREACHER
i ate frog legs once
I LIED! i didnt
LOL
@AnastasiaBvrhausen j schlatt?
nevo1sS akselKhaled
akselKhaled akselKhaled akselKhaled akselKhaled akselKhaled
i feel sick. then u kissed the camera. i frowed up .
i NEED to wash my hair NOW. my brother is taking 5ever in the bath! :(
Im gonna stream on nevnation  :p
can i lie for fun without hate?
no youll get shyneboyz
GRIDDY RN ! post that on tiktok! ill make sure it blows up
vague""
people censor the words on screen to be like le$bean instead of lesbian and stuff. weird algorithm
NEVO LOOKS LIKE 1ST COUSINS WITH LUKE BENNET
DEJI wouldve bullied everyone by NOW
sorry i just want the deji emote on twitch
my isaac moment is when charlie is in the psych ward and he goes im kind of mad you didnt tell me
@ZYNXOH YEAAAAAA
hes ALWAYS reading and the second he puts a book down and his mates are being coupley hes like GUYS WHAT ABOUT ME
hi breezy
and his mangled ear
@AnastasiaBvrhausen NO! THEY GOT RID OF ALED FOR HIM
i cant wait for the isaac hate tiktok. and all the heartstopper fans hating nevo
Hi! Hi! WHY ARE WE LIKE THIS?
hes only supposed to be like 15 tbf
WAIT MY PET PEEVE IS TORI IS ALWAYS DRINKING and they ALWAYS put the empty glass straw sound effect EVEN WHEN THE GLASS IS FULL
harry
Hate cops full stop nevo
it would be some manky fridges, two posh ones and the rest all basically identical
i havent forgot about your cuphead loser forfeit btw >:/
PLay monkey ball racing!
BULLY 2 would be ALLY! no more bullying in the woke post-glee world
nevo how do you feel about tonight being the last eras tour show ever nevo1sPog
charlie is it your tiktok that has trust god in the bio?
just stream your empty bedroom but dont address it
2nd ever listening party
and its a beaverhausen christmas
thats not hate btw anastasia is my favourite nevling
conan doesnt count as a nevling hes never here
charlie ill refund you But first tell me who you voted at the nevvys
best mod ofc! but i kid and jest and i refunded the points
i didnt go to boarding school but once i went to my dads for a week at christmas and that was a sad time
nah a sports school can just specialise in pe. like one school near me was connected to a gym
KILL JOHN LENNON
HI VOD!
IM PAUL and I Used to lick chargers !
simple simon ate? thats your opinion
i get you guys might not like certain chat members but when is it too far? like straight up?
YOU DIDNT KNOW THAT?
btw he always puts his middle finger up it wasnt him being snide.
hi nevlings i got a 7 in english literature and language. but i feel proud of that. I got a 9 in re though
HOW do u get a 1 in re its all made up stuff
i had to do re cos i went to catholic schooool
i did re a level too! nevo1sSmiles
my brother in law is indonesian but hes never mentioned singapore
@izzyatzizzis I liked it but we only did 1/3 religion because the rest was philsophy and ethics. I liked learning islam but philosphy was snoring boring. and it was my lowest grade nevo1sFrowns
@SofiyeG i had college in covid times so thats probably why:/
im busy valentines day!
i get a few pauls and a lot of kacies. i think the discord name is more memorable
release the HOUNDS
nevo you want to show your collection, remember what i said about autism
so much going for it? and its just ethan? maybe saying skibidi?
kevin is straight up living every kids dream and his schemes are so FUN. how can you not like the film
i have a fair isle jumper but if anyone says to me THATS A CHRISTMAS JUMPER when i wear it in january theyre getting SMACKED
that was charlie not anastasia LOL
BIDEO
bye puddyrumbus
NO MORE LADBABY NO MORE LADBABY NO MORE LADBABY
i actually dont like sausage rolls. i hate flaky pastry
i just knew him because of cal the dragon
My brother asked me the other day do you know who cal the dragon is" like is that even a question"
HEY THERE YORKSHIRE! WE CHUFFIN LUV YA
letterboxd?
nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles
nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles
WE COULD CLUBBIN IN BARNSLEY, YORK OR ROTHERHAM YEA!
nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles
hey there yorkshire! we chuffin luv ya
hey lets goooooo
WHYD U DOX HIM
im ready for bed
also youre screaming lowkey
that videos a facebook relic
you were being quite loud
honestly if you double his viewers he has to play fortnite with you
hey simon!
LOL bye nevooooo
I THOUGHT YOUR PILLOWCASE WAS STAINED not a pattern
late for stream cos I was bathing my baby #singlemum (it was my niece) (#babysitting)
OK BRO. 😢
I had a diary but I only ever wrote when I was FUMING
the works?
ANASTASIA YOU WERE IN MY DREAM LAST NIGHT we were shopping for portable chargers
178 hours of Nevo1st
nevo1sFrowns
Kacie’s nephew would host one but it’s a sneele BIT nevo1sFrowns
my sister would KILL me nevo1sSerious
wait go in the simple Simon suggestions discord and steal them
nevo1sNaeNae
is it still for anyone else?
I’m on mobile, maybe it’s that nevo1sFrowns
my older sister just said “who’s that? what’s that? is he famous?”
do a Picnic stream for 1000 followers and invite one lucky viewer
akselHAPPY
Yea not quite hidden
using twitch mobile WHY is it so Rubbish
a strong breeze would cause Nevo to go bald, don’t joke because it’s a sensitive subject
I love seeing that dog and assuming it’s a 1 person raid
nevo1sNaeNae
nevnation 1 map. Hey now Hey now This is what dreams are made of
why bring up the banned word.
“maybe in the new year” girl what
yea I realise that I just don’t usually celebrate the new year with a foot lick FREAK
if either win I’m resigning
my Christmas bonus akselHAPPY probably a sincere thank you nevo1sSmiles (always appreciated)
🔥
<3
how old was everyone when they learnt to ride a bike. I was 7 and my stepdad said that was Too Old nevo1sFrowns
TWELVE :)
any game has a kissable guy if you mod hard enough nevo1sSmiles
when is the backflip? I was told this was the backflip stream
I WANNA BUY THE NEW NINJA SKIN… does it have a low taper fade
I saw mommy kissing Santa Claus but I saw PURPLE vent or something BLA bla
I saw purple switching skins in coms, venting and faking tasks! nevo1sFrowns
my high school musical among us parody was quite good but I’m too shy to perform and too lazy to finish it nevo1sSmiles
silent night but Fooooortnite
ok cancel this streamer
NOT new fall guys map becoming the single from the album. literally worst song on it
fairytale is best, then among us everyday, THEN whatever one is first then this one
BRO U SNIFFED THEM
you brought them up to your face
simplesimon is live. see ya later ✌️
looks like a fish tail
who up smooching boys in the school dorms
it objectifies women akselHAPPY
Nevo say skibidi akselBaba
9 plus 10
Bradley wiggins? I actually dunno
hi luigi
it’s Bradley Wiggins’s mate
I GOOGLED IT he’s a cyclist at least
IMPOSTER SUSSSS
ok goodnight Nevo and nevlings, hope you like my among us parody nevo1sSmiles
okay I’m back because my sister went to bed early nevo1sSerious sleeping on a sofa tonight nevo1sFrowns
I missed it noooo nevo1sSmiles
anyway thanks, Elton John and that other guy
WTH he lied to me?
Henry is just ic3mini
58 years old
ROXANNE
Euphoria WHERES THE MOLLYYYYYY
EMERALD FENNEL WUTHERING HEIGHTS IS GONNA FLOP SO BAD DONT LET HER NEAR A SACRED TEXT
emerald fennel can direct her Nevo baby heart out just god stop letting her write screenplays
NEPO*
also both Australians and OLD like why cast them
no but keep trying
just had to swipe to deny a p** comment. Ok TINDERRR 🔥
if nevos saying poo I’m like yea maybe. otherwise it’s like don’t even try me nevo1sFuming
wish there was gold eyeshadow instead of blue for the fella
ur mum has squiggly eyebrows ! sorry I’m acting out for attention
Aladdin came out?? I thought he liked jasmine though?
im jafair crews
pixels would make you wanna DIE after 4th time
that’s schom pinochio gipetto type thing there
much luv <3
jeffree star?
you almost forgot to dye the hair red though, not a lot of reminders about it
gonna sit my whole family down for the nevvys and wear a suit and tie
im gonna do a shot for every nevvy I lose nevo1sSmiles
seven???
delicious nevlings
if I win one I’m gonna turn my cam on because I’m serious about he suit and tie
wow that line of work from that video is shocking
my sister sent me the TikTok of the mii maker competition and said was I a part… had to tell her I lost first round
can I get a horyea outside of kfc Edinburgh
Ladbaby talking to someone who’s not his wife. HOMEWRECKER BECKINSTRIKES AGAIN
why get him for the nevvys when you already got a notice from him
vewy close Nevo
I’ll announce a nevvy for a fiver. I can do some accents. also I’m kacie pain on discord.
who is Sanjay Bennett? akselBaba
technically he got perm banned for losing wwe…….
can you stop THREATENING to mod Anastasia. they. don’t. want. to. be. a. mod.
Agadoo Fun Facts
WHY DID YOU BOOKMARK AGADOO FUN FACTS
how is his nan still alive. MINE ALL DIED BY 15
not to snitch but Sanjay lost wwe. RalpherZ
i sat on a Sunday dinner once cos my mum left it on the sofa
SHE SHOUTED AT ME.. GIRL YOU OUT A DINNERPLATE LN
how long until you can change your username @tvbest_fortnite_player ?
charliesayskibidi next username
nice bedroom window. look outside. I’m there
wtf he just spat at me
stop trying to make frosty gaming happen
@ujuzicc smells like banana. what a freak
I’d snatch that carrot from his nose, sharpen it and stab Nevo
JUST KIDDING TWITCH
MUTED still
We can’t hear
CAN OTHER PEOPLE HEAR???
WHY ARE YOU YAPPING FIX MIC
unmute
MR BEAST 6000
I used to sit and send mr beast underwear pics to Nevo discord… now i sit and stare at my walls instead waiting for 8pm streams
you add words that change the entire meaning of chats Neville nevo1sFrowns
ok so rules mean nothing
I’m not against Sanjay but you know Charlie would try to get Ethan back
sorry William schitt
GET UR EYED TESTED
you said Dan danderson
I don’t have a fridge we just use blocks of ice from the lake
cruise like crews like Nevo aka Owen crews nevo1sFrowns I’m tired and brain rotted
NOOOO FILM I’m at my sisters house nevo1sFrowns
wow Paul’s got a lot of sway
not Simon again
NIIIIGHT
Crazy how you missed dejis birthday stream :(
oh! impressive! hm
Aw happy birthday nevo
STOP EATING ORANGES
you will never defeat that dragon alone
ALL THE BEST STREAMS START WITH A POLL FOR GAME
its not a nevo stream if everything goes to plan
Not frosty again.
!sr pink pony club
WHAT DID EVERYONE HAVE FOR TEA
@AnastasiaBvrhausen sausage rolls for everyone!
!game Minecraft
ANASTASIA LOL
turn this song off its awful
!sr brand new bitch
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBPu5uG10bM&list=RDc_p_TBaHvos&index=2
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5VG2XWUEbA
!sr terrapin
do you want the title changing Im sorry Im a weak and timid mod
hi jamie
!title BEATING MINECRAFT ALL ALONE! I AM AFRAID!
yea the hearts are different
LadBaby will perish before December 25th
akselKhaled nevo1sNaeNae
1 heart no food inchresting
NO MORE LADBABY PLS x
DONT SAY MEAT QUEST
YOU BUTCHERED MY AMONGUS PARODY BTW
shouldve sent it to someone more devoted
nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae
akselKhaled akselKhaled  i luv sausage rolls
LAST TO LEAVE LAVA PIT WINS $100,000
this is still his first attempt
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ttfcrg-Yow
my name is paul mccartney im from liverpool
HES dead lets be fr
putting emo songs in the queue #inmyfeels
put yourself in creative and fly up
bless you nevo, always trying your best
can you ask the enderdragon to host a nevvy
nevos giving out vip like its SCABIES!
fix me to win a nevvy or ill leak hosts
i was lurking and got spoilers :(
conan is lying I havent spoken to him IN A WEEK
i havent told anyone!!!!!!
making my way downtown walking fast
i didnt leak nevvys host btw. Sorry conans lies made you die.
HORSE scream
how do you find the broken portal everytime HACKING
when you fix the seed that counts as cheating btw x
nevo1sNaeNae
nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae
THERES ENOUGH WRONGENS maybe tag christian or something
my god is not gay
im normal when i try to be
NEVO YOU WERE DRIVING A TRAIN IN MY DREAM LAST NIGHT i only just remembered
you shook hands with my mum i laughed so hard
hi charlie
I bet 1 point on nevo winning just because it had no votes at the time
im so excited for nevnation im going to make a house of DIAMONDs
im gonna tell him you bullied his mangled ear
nick would be a nevling and charlie would HATE the streams and go i dont get why its funny""
why is nevo maldaptive daydreaming live to his viewers
one of them autistic things from your autistic book"... i gave you information about autism when you asked for it."
Technically no but a lot of autistic people do it. its mostly a disassociative thing!
!sr https://youtu.be/UXzReYLuavg?si=_DZowUcardGB3TBl
my top song was naked in manhattan but queue is FULL. but im so tasteful and im a chappell roan og
my brother wants you to know hes using your fortnite code
@glitherios WHO ARE YOU
thats my brother G
@ttvbest_fortnite_player CHARLIE THATS MY BROTHER STOP BULLYING MY FAMILY
@ttvbest_fortnite_player mods?
why is my brother doing a meet and greet in chat? mods?
Its pronounced like slither.io
@AnastasiaBvrhausen hes on a biege food diet hes never eaten an egg
The only box he hits is the VAPE!
can you win now im kind of like waiting for the win
CAROLE KING!!!!!
this is a song about an assassination #topical
1
I KEEP GETTING RECOMMENDED TO CLIP BECAUSE CHATS ACTIVE its winding me up
did you die? I got distracted?
is there a mod who didnt vote in prediction...
we all voted me thinks
wait fivo gaming i know him
wait triab true i know him too
ho ho ho
Okay youll be streaming into 2025 then
its not fun when you hack the spawn seed. Why do you keep cheating?
triab true and fivo as phineas and ferb headcanon goes so hard
hello! were gonna sing the song now! YEAAAAAAA its christmas
hello listeners! hello listeners! hello listeners!
im sending you an envelope of covid air for christmas
@n_Four4 DIDNT I SEND YOU A SINCERELY NICE CHRISTMAS CARD? nevo said i was lying
i dont have a dad nevo1sFrowns
I literally have a famous christmas song
its called wonderful christmastime
but we all know youre called owen crews though
hi sneele!
@realKDY20 stfu
can you play my song next https://youtu.be/94Ye-3C1FC8?si=ZY0PREJ8r5zb350x
@voinmaynkraft account created 1 min ago, yea reveal yourself
UR SICK N TWISTED
i bought cookies today ! Yum yum
@voinmaynkraft Join vc and do some singing and well see how manu chairs turn around for you
@bill_schitt stream it so we dont have to watch nevo anymore akselKhaled
nah mate
stop trying to say banned words THE AUTOMOD AND PAULMOD but say NO!
The next step is a ccbc show about dancing
https://youtu.be/94Ye-3C1FC8?si=ZY0PREJ8r5zb350x MY SONG FR
this is my christmas song. cos im paul. https://youtu.be/94Ye-3C1FC8?si=Xph3XIlJzJ13kysx
@UjuziCC I wrote that and i tried my best. devved ujuzicc doesnt like it
is it at 7pm fr?
also im gonna wear a tie im not joking ! lets hope i win one
if i win a nevvy ill face reveal to the nevlings FR
id go on cam i already dox myself on tiktok nevo1sSmiles
new fall guys map meme is still massive
IS THE WORST SONG ON THE ALBUM LEGIT DOGWATER
and you said i was contrarian but its so LAZY
YEA but hes actually good at singing so its okay when he says same lyric over and over
we had a coup in admin chat and the outcome was sneele unmodding
would you rather a forehead kiss from mrbeast or a hug from matpat
i played amongus once i was the best crewmate
id be yellow. i love the emergecny button meeting! all my friends coming together again <3
BROWN MUTED HIS MIC 3.2 SECONDS TOO LATE
Not there
youre 48 years old
nevo is like your cousin whos an only child and cant adapt to being around other kids
2
honestly just invite someone to join you im starting to feel sorry for you
techncially if you had a non tryhard join it would be a step down from fivoo
i miss wilkos so much, my friend actually told me they thought of me when it shut down
thmmmmpt. read that out. its a fart.
sorry im acting out cos my blood sugars low
!sr september
such depraved chatters. you mostly belong in an asylum in gotham
Okay nevo belongs in asylum too
i swipe my card! In admin !
any dream will do... What the hell i hate that youtuber
LUCIE thats crazy
SIMPLE SIMON HAS 40 VIEWERS RN
okay it went down to 35 instantly
me when im roald dahl and im making a new character for charlie and chcolate factory : im gonna make a bucket guys
@Rizzo04 rizzo i bet you suck bathwater out of sponges
Sorry im trying to hurt people </3
you might need one medium bucket of water too
whats everyones favourite mario map. mine is bowsers castle
once on my 21st birthday i got 21 pound in the post and i wasnt expecting from my distant family that was sick
im gonna be the first to get to the end in nevnation 4!
log on once a week and fly about
such a funny bit!
i always joke about dehumanising an entire group of people, the whole room slaps their knees
LOL
YOURE SO DESPARATE
first change your skin mate
HOW ARE PUTTING YOURSELF IN A POSITION TO BE BULLIED BY CHILDREN
Milk in first challenge
Can you please make a tiktok where you do the milk in first challenge (3 teas but one had milk in first, blind taste test)
nevoooooooo
its actually so sad
have you thought about giving up
its not gonna happen for you mate
It was enough lava cos the corners can be stone
i think
issa knife
biggest tool is one you see in the mirror! haha! because youre the tool nevo
TUNE
everytime i forget i added a song to queue i feel such joy
there we go
its about to be dark too -_-
nevo keep your spirits up
this is a moment in history
add the lazer eyes mod and kill blazes with that
OH GOD
if you die to pillagers after that whole portal thing im straight up gonna backflip
Clairo my beloved
ADD UP MY LOVEEEEE. ADD UP MY LOVE. honesy was it enough? is it ever enough?????
anyone else lowkey adding up clairos love rn
I JUST DOWNLOADED AIRBUDS and it automatically made my @  something i dont want it to be SMH
Please add me on airbuds (@kaciepain) it says i cant use the app unless i have a friend LOL TouchOfSalt
OH GOD
hi nevo hope youre around people who make you feel safe when stream ends! good job streaming
PLAY SNAKE DAILY CHALLENGE
can you please please do milk in first challenge (not rn)
im woke and i watch nevo first
DECEMBER 18th! NEVVYS will happen ! Everyone whos Anyone WILL BE THERE
is it true today is the milk in first challenge?
i coughed up a sneele, my gp told me to put in tupperware and bring it in
you can only play msp if you download it btw :( for all the viewers who dont have it downloaded
im getting my rabies shots monday :(
!game bully scholarship
yeah behind in class is understatement YOU UNCLASSY SCRUFF
okay sorry
its the Most Wonderful time of the year
whats wrong with a mole? i have a mole? should i be insecure about my mole?
I timed them out for a day while i waited for stream to end to ask LOL
wait nevo take a picture of your mum thatll count ! (cos shes a right dog!) (sorry)
i need to go on a walk perhaps
i miss tank rn
club penguin was Lit
i played augustus' mum in the willy wonka play once
i worked at mcdonalds at uni and the only meal i ate all week was the free meal they gave you
hi rizzo04
erm wot anastasia
can you do an impression of a ginger streamer whos 70 minutes late to stream every weekday
Hey luigi
Luigi i have some questions for you: whats your favourite ru paul song? and what do you get from mcdonalds?
how long til impression is a banned word
i got my mum a FITBIT!
she likes stepcounting and heart rate monitors
my mum is not dead i hope thats okay
anyone ever get that sigma sigma boy fluffy hair song stuck in their head
i finally got access to my OLD OLD account
that was kacie pain underscore
thats so Lame from paul mccartney
GIMP how do they know
check chris david collective
guys nevo never pays up. he owed me 40p in july and i never got it
how many seconds r in a day
type google into yahoo see what comes up
twitch.tv/nevo1st
YOU UGLY LOOK BOY
technically shouldve been 3600 seconds but Meh nevo1sSmiles
hi im paul
hi lyraawr and izzyatzizzis and tasha and sofiye and nevo1st
have you thought about doing the milk in first challenge
hi nintendogs
ITS THE 13TH TODAY AKA NEVO BISCUIT DAY
YOUVE BEEN FOUND
it was folklohre
priscilla its nevos birthday today cant you give him a freebie
@priscillarealart LOL
im nevos 2nd cousin
im a heartstopper expert and tao has only seen talk tuah podcast and asteroid city and chicken run
im running the paullys on december 18th at 7pm. i just need to win something
Girl. its so confusing sometimes to be a girl
i wish discord could be put in emote only
I eat sandpaper when im bored
remember when i was at yours one christmas and nevo accidentally threw the wii remote at the TV LOOOOL @AnastasiaBvrhausen
Second cousin things
@AnastasiaBvrhausen it actually was so funny looking back but at the time i was so mad LOOOL and he gave me a massive headache
Okay sorry
i need to go to the apple store i work at the apple store
hi smellysoggysock
Sincerely in stream light you look ginger
AHHH BALDING
Is it over for me
nevo first, nevo burst. assualt rifle on fortnite, ginger in all lights. balding little gargoyle, bury you in soil
gimpy gimpy perm boy, nevo i will destroy. end stream and retire, 7pm stream Liar.
nevo gave me nits at a birthday party when we were in primary school
wtf were cousins why do you want that
ok im OVERSTIMULATED
Priscilla can u respond to my dm pls
@priscillarealart i mean the real priscilla not you
balding little gargoyle, bury you in soil. gimpy gimpy perm boy, nevo i will destroy. end stream and retire, 7pm stream Liar.
MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS WHY DID YOU SNITCH PRISCILLA
can i borrow some money
the snitching priscilla has hurt my heart so much
no confidentiality
priscilla is an artist but nevo is witholding payment
SNITCHing priscilla is back smh
what a time to be a mod
You dance like wallace fr
THIS AUDIO IS GRIM
Okayyyyy tommyinnit
if me and my partner were bald that would be so fun, people could smack our heads like drums
Hi everyone can we start over
Nevo can you roll the starting soon screen
First
nevo1st scam, face like ham. ugly ginger rat, hit him with a bat.
rap is my passion <3
im exhausted
when you gift nevo a sub it goes towards his turkey trip
100 subs = hair transplant
200 subs = bbl
nevo is a kissboy, yuck yuck yuck. nevo is dumb DOY. muck muck muck.
i met stephen mulhern once but he refused a picture LOL
Yea i was lying but that was tom hanks that time. i met stephen fr
@bill_schitt tomato emoji (imagine it)
bro i think you imagined the tiger naked all thattime
guys whats your opinions on frisps?
no im not jealous ive got stephen mulherns autograph
No picture with him though :(
night fivoo, that is so valid
night ave!
have you ever done the crazy  crisp challenge
i want to see every nevlings face like a mug shot and write 54 insults about each of them
@UjuziCC i know what you look like porridge boy
@ttvbest_fortnite_player Charlie say SKIBIDI
@UjuziCC i saw your mii on Pen Island mate
booger picker
my sister is back from uni this weekend my life is about to be so Great nevo1sSmiles
@AnastasiaBvrhausen She sent me a pic of him but it was a live picture and he posed for like 4 seconds LOL
whos owen
youre nevo last time i checked
https://www.twitch.tv/nevo1st/clip/FastAnimatedPorcupineRedCoat-4jFfXzgKRpnB6gTC
Cheer100 you made me laugh out loud this stream nevo1sSmiles i think it was by accident but i still appreciate it
normally i laugh in silence
oh yea sorry about the balding  i meant to put that in the cheer too
this is making me hungry
r u dumb mate, did it never occur to you that your hair grows in that spiral
but youve seen the back of other boys heads surely
youre welcome for the trend i set. £1.35 poorly spent
@nevo1st film night tonight fella?
IM GIDDY NOW!!
okay if its a good film can it not be in the discord because nevlings are depraved. lets do it on SKYPE <3
yes :)
Guys it wont let me buy more bits so imagine this as TTS: pls can i have a nevvy? pls? i really want one? thanks
yea but lets me fr im not the funniest or chillest. i am a beg though. begging you. pls. for a nevvy. i beg of you
THANK YOU ANASTASIA ILY!
guys donate a dollar instead of 100 bits and you save 50p!!!!
thanks charlie that was a really wise tip
I GOT CUT OFF REFUND RN
sorry bigmanting hi.
BIGMANTINGS rubbish at cookie clicker. i saw your mums bean and i gave it a flick(yuh). i am ashamed.
NEVOVODS
https://youtu.be/TqmHXC_ROes?si=4Yeqluglxs-LrFQ3 MII VOD
Yeah youre welcome nevo
THEYRE NOT BITS. theyre dollars
i will never donate bits again. RIP OFF
thanks for the money AND HE LIFTED HIS SHOULDERS
RAID TUBBOQ
Ill be on my best behaviour i always am
because he made £20 in the last 30 mins its his fave stream :(
hello nevo! hello nevlings!
hi sofiye :)
charlie i can get you some minecraft food if you gift me the griddy in fortnite SLASH J
i cant watch stream and game because my laptop is 48 years old:p
i usually use my ipad and stream delay is AWFUL! :D
luke littler tomodachi tiktok incoming
thanks so much for my creative privilege I feel like a god nevo1sSmiles
NEVO ur SICK
IM LOST
I haven’t given anything out
no offence but idek maiva
I love coming together (like the Beatles song)
DEJI WOULDVE KILLED THE DRAGON BY NOW
can we get an age restriction on this stream pls
see how I haven’t got diamond achievement yet because I’m not a CHEAT. SO don’t accuse me of
9
prawn. pink.
CIRCLE? like mr beast last to leave the circle video?
it’s nice you’ve invited your grandad on stream with you Nevo nevo1sSmiles
its not angry ginge its someother ginger
ginger with a lazy eye, you mean nevo
can you not
why are you saying this live on the web
No!
youre so good at gaming, have you thought about going pro
WHAT THE HELL
IM ACTUALLY NEVER WATCHING THIS STREAM AGAIN
dont make fun of my voice
IM ACTUALLY FR insecure about it
thanks tom nevo1sCbeebiesBaby
never joining a vc again but thx i guess
if i accept a nevvy itll be tts
that should make it better""
Hi anastasia beaverhausen
vc is a bit quiet compared to LADBABY
PLEASE DONT TALK ABOUT FEET YOU MINGERS
WHY DID YOU SAY THAT
get jamie out of vc hes a bad influence
YOURE LIVE ON THE INTERNET
you glaze the terracota
can u not build ugly stuff near my glass igloo
thats gonna bash into my basement thx nevo -_-
average nevo moment
THATS RIZZO?
I DIDNT KNOW RIZZO WOULD SOUND LIKE THAT
in my head he’s like 15
hi sneele
BYE
HELLOOOOOOOO
it’s kacie nevo1sSmiles
it’s okay nevo1sSmiles
YOULL GET BANNED
it happened to me when I lied
sorry bro
evil streamer
bro I’m cakiepain so you’ve some competition
Nevo you can visit kaciepainland later, I had to make my own cos I didn’t get an invite to a cult
it says you can. not can you.
someone built an ugly stone wall in front of my igloo so I left
(no offence fivoo)
get snarky with me again mate and youll get clobbered. thats a promise not a threat
you kept insulting me for being in creative
Not my fault im a delicate flower in a world of thorns
thanks sofiye :)
Nev. Ville? Nev. Ville? Nev. Ville? Nev. Ville? 77777777
youre really good at that
i usually wake up on right side of my bed cos i prefer to sleep closer to wall
like woke left. ha. get it.
me when i miss punchline of a purposely bad joke
Ok unmod rn i hate you
I HATE YOY NEVO
dont care and dont ask" actually suck ur mum"
I CUT OUT THE UGLY THIS TIME
youre the streamer AND i do free labour for you
MODS run the poll
Mods run a prediction
never, mods how are you? :(
nah mate im done modding :(
folklohre dont do it
for the union
mods will unionise
I hate this streamer
no one vote. boycott this man
theres a mod strike
NO ONE VOTE if you like WORKERS
@Rizzo04 SCAB
@Rizzo04 SCAB SCABSCAB SCAB
what do you get when you mix an overtired mod with a STREAMER who doesnt appreciate the work they do for him? YOU GET WHAT YOU DESERVE
nevo asked for my autograph little did i know it was a slave labour mod contract
I ust thought he was a kcpain fan
im so excited for the nevvys. i couldnt sleep last night i ended up taking 3 paracetamol to doze off! nevo1sS
i love the spawn you chose! everyone loves it! its so nice!
bro just sleep then fish
im so excited for the nevvys. i couldnt sleep last night i ended up taking 3 paracetamol to doze off!  nevo1sS
just a jokeive never had 3 paracetamol in one go
where are the life accurate  wetherspoons toilets 45 minutes away
can we get joe to read a nevvy
JOE MAMA
also my brother is called joe but he doesnt want to read one
i asked him if he wanted to pretend to be my nephew for clout
He said no
can you do a fishing stream, mincraft fishing. fortnite fishing. some other game I don't know
YES TUBBO !
say thanks for the sub
ungrateful streamer
end stream now
rizzo i like your skin. it made me laugh yesterday. SCAB though.
are you havinf fun
you hate your friends? and your mods? true colours today
i think you have to empty your dishwasher
theres a staircase on the other side of the hill genius
sometimes when im mad at nevo i just watch the sweaty millionaire stream and it calms me knowing hes lowest of the low
Such a minger
SORRY
dunno why i said that
im acting out today sorry
i forgot to take my meidcation
can you call your mate im starting to feel bad
@AnastasiaBvrhausen that was so awkward. trying to explain to pub owner why he was on all fours and barking. such a LOOOOONG night
AI lame
LAAAAME ai
LAAAAAME ai
anyway this is pretty lame segment
Bro has someone real asking to call and rang up AI SANTA instead
lame!
Sorry nevo its mostly in jest, apart from ai which is sincerely lame
i went to yorkshire once and it sincerely stunk
it was a school trip to the STINKY viking museum
olaf the weaver
@bill_schitt IM from MANNEH
LOL lucie
rip. rest in Banned word. SORRY. im not feeling like myself today. christmas is a tough time for me.
Unironically my mum announced my dog was getting put down over christmas dinner in 2020.
shes a crazy lady
Nevo can you pass on a message from anastasia
me when i make things up as i go cause im mardy
this is why quackity ghosted you
YOU SAID YOUD DO SAM AND MAX AGES AGO
i forgot
Yes.
Im so sorry anastasia </3
Erm ban?
you can join my strike If you want
its for mods but Basically anyone nevo interacts with is a victim
yea youre being really nasty to him to be honest nevo
i went to a spoons called the milky bar and it gave me food poisoning. cant remember where it was now though
THIS IS LIKE THE SHEEP FARM ALL OVER
AND WHEN YOU FINISH ITLL GET TNTED
just go back to fishing old man
^
mario party is the only one you get invited to
i think youre brave if that helps nevo
you looked like a really small child when you said that
why are you nasty as hell
WHAT DID TOM EVEN DO ? like for once hes actually just sat being nice
nevo can i have your stream key i just wanna do one thing
i guess stream key would be nice
i guess id like the stream key. if i cant have that then maybe a million quid amazon voucher
Lgbtq WUSS!
am i right
does anyone find griefers actually funny?
thanks! really appreciate it.
@ZYNXOH it was november 31st
TouchOfSalt
luxembourgz are you okay
thanks for the rose! ice cream so yummy!
if i gift a sub i want the grandpa joe getting out of bed for the first time in 50 years dance
old one. but it was a hypothetical cos im BROKE!
youre a weirdo
fish addict
I know its other harry but where is ic3mini
not like him to miss minecraft
I think you should take a long walk off stream and then Start a new town
anyone miss nevnation1 when all the annoying people werent nevlings yet<3
Just kidding ofc
can you unwhitelist some people
you might as well hit a man while hes down, bullying nevo when hes already bad at the game
BANNED
ban them all for a day ata time and see whos the griefer
colleen rooney style
this is like my dad who i only saw at weekends when i would go to his house :(
THATS SO MEAN NEVO
include a mangled ear on the robot isaac
can you actually just ban griefers theyre annoying as hell
Every stream is just : im gonna try and do this WAIT i am being killed nonstop
Ban charlie56178 NOW
just ban Him rn for a day
NEVO become strict
you cant do them back to back
cheese marathon?
you sweated so much last cheese stream
@SmellySoggySock its a youtube video (shortened) and Vod. it was a mess
i miss summer so much
just went to follow billshit for the upcoming deadbydaylight stream and i see him promoing nevo meanwhile nevos hating on him
it says watch nevo" while billschitt is away"
dont ever accuse me of lying again or ill kill someone
can you end stream, my mum says i have to go to bed
Nev. Oh? Nev. Oh? Nev. Oh? Nev. Oh?
I miss when nevo still took his schizophrenia medication
hes all weird now
can i have vip pls
epic
YOU FELL OFF
pls enforce rules Now
that was a stream! don’t do it again tho
Bro 5 minutes.
my brother just said at least youre not last" on the prediction LOL"
we can hear you
WE CAN HEAR YOU DUMBY
ACCUSING US OF LYING
LOL
you look dapper! :)
ROUND OF APPLAUSE!
yes neevo luv the podcast
i hate being a mod and im ahostage here
TRIAB TRUE
FIVOGAMING
WOOOOOO. nevo1sSmiles
i know nintendogsforswitch !!!!!!
AVID TENDOGS changed my life
omg god bless ave running that prediction
wait that was best or worst? cos it was Rubbish!
COLE PALMER!!!!!!!!
nevo1sNeptune okay best day ever nevo1sNeptune
COLE PALMER CHANGED MY LIFE
woah this is familiar.
SOFIYE!!!!!!!!!
SOFIYE CHANGED MY LIFE
hello everyone. mod here. predictions are manic rn. dont hate us. and ave is head mod. So direct all questions to her.:D
CANT GHEAR DR
SPEAK!
SOFIYE ! GOAT!
unlessssss they are here
whos cat is that, respectfully nevo1sSmiles
insane in the membrane!
I don't know how to spell
this is a disturbing and long clip
WOW.
WOAH he looks hungry
deadest scran. :(
peadough worst scran surely
what an offensive award to win
wait wait SAY SKIBIDI
tHIS ISNT ETHAN
okay alex changed my life lowkey
VEWY CLOSE NEVO
VERY CLOSE ALL ALONG... PLACEBO
RIP IAN MOORE
IAN MOORE CHANGED MY LIFE
Aww bless you nevo nevo1sSmiles
no preg
Can they all win????
wow charlie you look just like i imagined
BILL SHIT CHANGED MY LIFE
best at being the worst - fred 3
lowkey i thought thered be a timelimit on my speech also i got so shy and afraid
ethan goodbye.
put your poos in now
AW bless she learnt to read just for this
CHARLIE56178 CHANGED MY LIFE
charlie winning worst bit and most annoying is so real!
maybe a change a lol bit
omg nevnation 1.... <3
woaaaaah! I WAS THERE WHEN THAT HAPPENED, SNEELE CHANGED MY LIFE
@sneele_ get int call lad
i think ill take my whisky neaaaaat
What did everyone have for tea
i had pizza
hot male domains... my house
i kid !
mr_fart__ i know him...
MISSING NEVNATION1 SO BAD.
paul!!!!!!! hind!!!!!
SIGMATRUCKER CHANGED MY LIFE. CONAN RUINED MY LIFE
GOAT !
sigma put your thanks in chat if you prefer well pin
hi sigmatrucker! i watched you play fortnite one time!
sigma! Trucker!
WE LOVE IT WOOOOO
told my family i won a nevvy. they all cried.
FLOSS
advert for code nevo1st
my brother in law just wrote nevo1st down in his notes app? hmm
akselKhaled akselKhaled akselKhaled
WOAHHHHH
92 new subs woah
louis sthpensth
BE JAMES BE GOOD
MY IDOL BE JAMES ME GOOD
who
????
SCOUSER ANNOUNCING SCOUSER!
oh maisie folklohre
WINNERS LOVE WINNING
UJUZICC CHANGED MY LIFE
LIKE THAT BRO?
UJUZI LOOKS DIFFEREBT
UJUZI COULDNT CARE LESS! epic
best stream has to be any where im on STREAM!
WOAH
i suggested that stream YOU IDIOT
IDIOT IDIOT IDIOT
kaciepain and sneele CHANGED MY LIFE
CONAN RUINED MY LIFE
chawfuster
rip £8
pipe ....
pom gets wifi sweep
ANASTASIA BEAVERHAUSEN CHANGED MY LIFE
whos that handsome fella
ANASTASIA BEAVERHAUSEN CHANGED MY LIFE
this is crazy
who the hell is conan?
WHAT
END END END STREAM
nonononono
hes thrilled !
DELICIOUS NEV-LINGS
His island is british icons btw
big up to nevo 1st
i know ave!
nom nom nom
GONNA GO SPRINGBREAKERS
TERMITE ATE! first deserved award of the evening!
HIT THE TERMITE EMOTE
you break the sound barrier
HES A BIT SIMPLE LAD
oh its solace the wolf ofc
GREASIEST
harry!
IC3MINI CHANGED MY LIFE
sorry ic3mini is tragically ill. get well soon!
if there was a nevvy for most accidental account suspensions id win nevo1sSmiles
this man is Goofy! petition to be My comfort streamer
WOAH I KNOW HIM
i cant believe i made the funniest shortlist nevo1sSmiles thanks to all the nevlings akselKhaled
TELL TOMMYINNIT TO DO A JOKE
YER DAD LOOKS LIKE KERLOUD
in a world where bigmanting gets a thanks but kacie doesnt
yea i dont doubt youre happy for 115 subs ! nevo1sSmiles
NEVO1ST CHANGED MY LIFE!!
nevvy awards 2024 changed my life
this is about to be OVERWHELMING
servers down akselKhaled
LOL UJUZI
KACIE  PAIN WOULDNT HAVE FORGOTTEN UJUZIS GIFT
can you ask mrs claus how she pronounces tomato
who asked you to go live?
SUPERDRY? it looks majorly sweaty lad
MAJORILY?
im from liverpool
MILK IN FIRST CHALLENGE STREAM
NEVVYS CHANGED MY LIFE
HES GAY
folklohre was the worst one
paislyformlihole
AY YOU BE GOOD
THAT WAS SO SCARY
accept your friend requests BEFORE this time
some games have it
im that predictable :(
this will be rubbish!
call is a bit quiet
IM PLAYING THIS ON MY IPAD its impossible how do kids do it
my ipad is too heavy for my frail hands. give up time
i like ncuti gt
gatwa but the episodes are POO
oh sorry forgot thats a banned word
anastasia is so real
who is that little baby
i cant hear you over your keyboard clacking rn
I WAS KIDDING
jamie have you ever considered lightening up
ow""
WALLACE AND GROMIT OBBY CHANGED MY LIFE
can you ask anastasia if they liked the grimace shake
Can you end stream
DO NOT MESSAGEJAMIEEC
<> hello everyone
can you do a milk in first challenge stream
scrounge off conan while hes off uni
i meant for jackbox. dont think u need his address
why did you keep the leaves
server owner who put me in creative gets made im in creative
Mad*
ur cake looks like bread
let fivoo stream fr
you missed some context clues there
bro stop talking about a communal hole around. minors
id help but i dont want to
can you turn tom up or minecraft down nevo1sSneele
STOP ACTING LIKE IM PERSONALLY ASKING
im asking for the sake of your stream
also i didnt forget you were supposed to do a cuphead PUNISHMENT and you did not
i hope you get made to bite the curb
i cant make it thanks for the invite though nevo1sSmiles  ive passed it on to anastasia
my mum just came in my room and gave me talcum powder. Am i 88? nevo1sSmiles
powder for skin that only babies and pensioners use
fed 500 with 2 fish and 2 loaves
i LOVE the bible <3
my god did not do that
im not running that poll just in case god is real
and i have to be judged
i said top, cos he was a carpenter. im feeling like hes have calluses and be so masculine.
can we be fr. jesus was a man live in like 30bc. he chopped trees into chairs n stuff. Hed be muscly and buff
BLUR MY NAME OUT
my sister follows you :D
jesus was HAPPY!
THE POLL WAS 50 50
oh nvm
i had the body of christ. in church. i ate it.
thats just a joke i didnt eat the consecrated host. im not baptised.
jesus debate: top, bottom and switch advocate each get 2 minutes
You swayed the poll
nothing gay about comparing your homies to a summers day smh
Bro look at the screen
have you ever thought about what you did in a past life? my aunt insists she was on the titanic
i was jfk in a past life <3
honestly if it was christians id respect that so much
your shop floor is so ugly (in my opinion) nevo1sSmiles
Talk To errrr
OH hi anastasia how come
im not playing minecraft because my laptop GO BANANAS so im spamming chat instead
omg yea worst streamer ever
You need a new keyboard mate can barely hear you rn
backflip competition to see who gets grandpa joe
joe, and george
i told my sister her baby was like a fortnite backbling and she left me on read
bye boomer nevo1sSmiles
I DIDNT SAY LOOKED LIKE.
she said is she boring now she has a baby
and i said no shes like a fortnite backbling
like she joins us on our adventures
shes an accessory
ur silly mate
bless you my dear friend anastasia
youve got same iq as most of the members
im not watching you ever agin
that was really nasty
my iq is 153 nevo1sSmiles
nigh rizzo
Im lying!
i got 2 a*s in my alevels nevo1sSmiles  i didnt get a 9 in english though
nevo1sFrowns
wait im on strike nvm
nevo do not check your emails on stream it would dox me nevo1sSmiles do a milk in first challenge stream though
can you do a MIF stream?
@JamieEC yea live on stream hes gonna blur them
nevo1sFrowns
group project that only benefits you
you dont need furnaces to make bread or cake or cookies i swear
anastasia do you want to hack nevos streamkey and make better content
ill dm you the details now
CONAN
exactly !
LOL
EVIL DOER! EVIL DOER!
is it ok if i dont watch this stream? i dont want to.
I LOVE BULLY(ing)
IM IN THE NEW NEVO TIKTOK! everyone ought to like, comment and repost
@SofiyeG thanks sofiye :3 also hi
your name is oven though isnt it?
hi smelly sock
hi rizzo, hi lucie, hi tasha, hi anastasia, hi NEVLINGS
wait. 9 plus 10? twenny one
Bro thats basic arithmetic
can you be nicer to me? im a girl if it helps
BAGA CHIPZ
this chat could be worse" <3 thanks nevo x"
last night nevo basically killed me bbrought me back to life and killed me all over with insults
@best_lesbian guess what
@best_lesbian SNOT
You cant stream a website with piracy prevention
i feel like im sat in moes rn and homers had a hard day at nuclear plant
Im washed up :(
no more impressions
Especially not of ryan ive got trauma
OH CONGRATS TO KACIE
LOL how many nevlings do you think you could recognise
my name is kacie payne !
@AnastasiaBvrhausen youre just picking out people you want to flirt with and want a way to see if you fancy them
yea with the twins
HES BORED OF THE GAME THAT MADE HIS CAREER! youre NOTHING without TOMODACHI
shurrup about tiktok
yea mate and i had to put please be nice to me" to invoke it"
we need robbie williams in tomodachi life
evil robbie williams : I want a rock dj so bad
24 HOUR STREAMM
MILK IN FIRST CHALLENGE
Yea. but you have 2 normal one milk in first.
Blindfolded tastetest
i legally cant go to barnsley
they said im too lethal and threatening to the old folk and barnsley weaklings
jamieec why say that
i was also killed on the server
twice
by an op
wait im an op still(?) i can banif you say who
go on a walk nevo
im not logged on rn
THIS GAME ISNT FOR BABIES. it has gay kissing. gay kissing is not for babies
server not blown up. kaciepain snitches and justice prevails
server not blown up. kaciepain snitches and justice prevails .
this mod is getting an EPIC christmas bonus.
YOU SHOULDVE PUT SNOT
@bill_schitt guess what
@bill_schitt SNOT nevo1sNaeNae
under which coordinates exactly?
yeah where is it? what is it and where is it under?
TASKMASTER mentioned
Grim Reaper stream debut x
looking in a maze for nerds instead of in a mirror is mental
just remembered thatcher is dead nevo1sSmiles Thanks Ujuzi
i would recusitate thatcher to watch her die all ever again
its where. you have 3 cups of tea (wasteful i guess) one had the milk in first. you have to guess by taste alone which. pretty thrilling.
MILK IN FIRST CHALLENGE
1
to raise the stakes
ALL my ideas are good ones
did you see my idea for agony unc won a nevvy ? yea exactly
Imagine everyone up and down the country is doing the milk in first challenge. PAUL PAUL PAUL. they all chant my name. i stay humble
imagine getting my hopes up about  the milk in first challenge then not addressing it/
YOU CANT MAKE THE TEA MATE. THEN YOULL KNOW WHICH HAD MILK IN FIRST
AND ITS 3 CUPS
YOU CANNOT MAKE THE TEA. YOULL KNOW WHICH HAD MILK IN FIRST. DONT WIND ME UP
nO BECAUSE YOULL KNOW WHICH HAD MILK IN FIRST
get one of your best buddies to make it
IM NOT ASKING YOU TO DO IT RN. just give me a time.
yea ill be there
get one of your real friends to do it when you see them and then go live on tiktok like a hostage and do it
BILL SHIT ill never bully you ever again if you manage to make the milk in first challenge happen
im pacing in my room so nervously trying to make this happen
You should just wait and post it as a tiktok in the christmas dry spell when we get no streams
@bill_schitt im sorry. i dont know what i said but im sorry. now think of the challenge.
NOT RN. but just make this challenge happen.
TOM SAID UD BREAK TAT MIC AND YOU DID INSTANTLY AFTER
IDIOT STREAMER
you were faffing about
asmr
guys i feel like im really with nevo rn and im a little microphone being screwed into a stand
horrible
this is gonna be horrible
anyone wanna do a milk in first challenge?
stream it in vc rn
aw bless. little mechanic nevo
JESUS CHRIST
thanks anastasia
get on your hands and knees to look for pieces
necroz its best stream yet
can someone sing in vc
do a nice little choir
Podcast
erm smosh
TAKE THAT
SING TAKE THAT
YES my best friend anastasia is singing so amazingly
Okay ruiner
not that bad. i wouldnt notice a difference
niche angle
PANGLEWANG is invisible rn
btw whoever ruined my igloo im make you suffer
@AnastasiaBvrhausen There was no lamps to inspect thougj. maybe ill try again later
!game bully scholarship edition
yea couldve cracked down before everyone lost will to live
im worried about you
youre 48. why do you have an advent calender
me mum doesnt buy them. cant buy one yourself cos its sad
kaciepain is much younger and more beautiful!
IM ALL 3! okay maybe not og but i try
bless you
bless you
sorry i went to harrass conoretpant but he was too busy to care :(
yea but i put in with a sense of irony and great wit
when does this game end. only because im dreading it! i love bully so much nevo1sSmiles
is that a promise or a threat" - rizzo probably"
20/6. get back to your maths class
im getting shoes. like a boring person.
@bill_schitt once again trying to get my attention. Hush hush
shoes:)
im getting docs Im already dreading breaking them in nevo1sFrowns
@AnastasiaBvrhausen I have one pair of doc boots and iveowned them 3 years and they STILL HURT. but im commited to the bit with the new ones cos theyre so cool
why have they framed her chest to be right in the centre of the screen WEIRD
OMG nevo guess what
SNOT
IMAGINE FALLING FOR IT AGAIN.
he fell for it a second time. get snotted on!!!! fool!!!
say what you were gonna say. say it.
his contract expired
raid connoreatspants he only has 500
AND he ignored me </3 TOO big for his boots
HE WASNT RUDE TO YOU. I JOINED HIS CHAT LATER AND CLIPPED IT
THANKS FOR THE RAID
its slash shoutout
/shoutout anastasiabvrhausen
this streamer should end end end stream
YOU KEEP HESITATING BUT WE KNOW WHAT YOURE THINKING
say it nevo. say it
and both were directed at me :(
my nans dead
so thanks for reminding me
i always bought my nan slippers. shes dead though now. because shes dead im not buying her a present.
no such thing as a nice cheese
Omg youre rubbish
EVIL DOER
today i will wear my white button down.
lowkey i was like why am i nominated for funniest nevling. im not that funny. but that vc confirmed i am funnier than a lot of you
<3
thanks anastasia. i voted for you for that btw
and he didnt even make the longlist thats crazy
yea same. nevo begged and begged me to be on nevnation 4 because of how much he missed me. I was like yea lets make a deal.
ill be in creative.
me!
i didnt get griefed once on nevnation 1 <3
imagien going to the wee pub and the poo bakery
can you just ban griefers after 1 minor offence. theyre annoying as hell.
POM
nevo do you want to play my batgame (i think youll be really bad at it)
i spawn in bats and you shoot them with a bow.
okay let me log on nevo1sSmiles
i’m sick of griefers in this game
AND i’m in creative so imagine how others feel
nevo1sSmiles
IDK but it was tnt
MILK IN FIRST CHALLENGE
1.
omg
SEE how shocking that is
post that while you’re shadowbanned
how fivoo nevo1sSmiles i really really want to know
yea because the small acts come together to make everyone so much more fed up
like obviously i’m in creative so i can fix stuff easy. but anastasia is constantly being stolen from
thanks for trying anyway nevo1sSmiles
griefers should just be banned. why reward them with attention for being HORRIBLE
BAT GAME
it’s its own building
STOP BEING A rat then
panglewang i hate you
who ate all the pies more like
bye nevo! I forgive that you had to stop yourself from telling me to kill myself twice nevo1sSmiles
can you end stream? im trying to play fortnite with my pals
Hi nevo i feel a bit dead but im glad youre streaming
@Rizzo04 hi rizzo!
lowkey i judge the poshness of everyone by their plates
nevo you cant look at everything that close and complain. obviously itll look grim
look at the skin on the gravy
in the 'ouse""
SURELY THATS D TIER. look at the gravy skin. and it all looks cold and sad
jamie you spoke so much rubbish considering your meat looks charred
thats a budget cruise starter
it looks like a broken sigma meal
those pigs in blankets look raw
paulmccartneyy_ subscribed at Tier 1. They've subscribed for 6 months, currently on a 6 month streak! half a year. nevlings changed my life
ALMOST BANNED ME FIRST DAY (I THINK) actually so balid
BOILED POTATO on christmas. your family doesnt love you
@bill_schitt i called him victorian.. and yapped a lot. but lowkey chat was empty
and theres no bias
DO a poll mate
@bill_schitt yea but im not trying to start a coup. just found out i was almost banned first day :(
it looks like a PICKY BITS TEA and its CHRISTMAS. wheres the scran at
im yearning for death
nevo im watching btw but im ill so im not typing. hope thats okay and not against rules. i just dont see lurkerswelcome tag
crazy how this is 4pm. this many dinners before 4pm
@SofiyeG honestly i had it at like 4:30 and i was STARRRRVING. i think its a get it out of the way thing too
ITS CHRISTMAS DINNER sorry i had mine at dinnertime not lunch
TOFU
THEYRE FROM FROZEN
ITS MY BROTHER in laws MEAL
C? along with the microwave dinner get gone mate
can we nominate this for 2025 nevvy of most abominable vc nevo1sSmiles
end stream and don’t start another until 2026
LOL
https://www.twitch.tv/nevo1st/clip/MiniatureCrepuscularFriesUnSane-kIVfLzElAddJzl2v
OHHHH that dobbie
dobby*
oh god we have to see nevos gammy fingers all stream long
hes gonna smash it up and lose 12 pieces
NEVO have you ever been to singapore?
have you ever been near a famous director? Perhaps in a cinema?
can you smile with the new cam ?
bog off i wanted a new cover photo
is that doxxing" LOL"
what on earth is wrong with him
WOAH RAID
RAID MID FEET HIDING
acting like something being lames ever stopped you before
dont refer to your privates as the eifel tower freak
Nec-roz-mat-ic.
i heard its rice paper to snack on while you build
this stream is reminding me that my way isnt the only way. but it is the right way.
!sr moon rocks
!sr moon rocks talking heads
!sr Yeah x10
!sr darling beach boys
everytime it doesnt search up my sr for me i cry irl
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynkiBPvuSXo
nightbot is getting a smack from me
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynkiBPvuSXo
!sr everything is embarassing
why did he wear that potato sack even when he was free? weirdo
you did that for like 40p. accident""
turn them all the right way up please
its making me feel frustrated on your behalf
guarantee theyre there and youre not looking
TURN THEM RIGHT EAY UP AT LEAST
i love this song btw nevo1sSmiles
i would eat a rock from the moon given the chance nevo1sSmiles
more of these" he probably used the right ones already not realising"
TRANSUBSTANTIATION!
!sr temporary secretary
average nevo stream is him getting things wrong as chat gets ruder and ruder
thhhmpt
to be honest the music is a bit overbearing
have you ever played dont crack the egg
ANASTASIA/. I SHOULD TIME YOU OUT FOT THAT.
dont crack the egg is when one person is in a ball on a trampoline. they always end up hurt and bounced on
TUNE AGAIN i should pat mysellf on the back
mate stop blaming the set you silly bugger
But then away they knock me sick
!sr https://youtu.be/VerK4zwMRQw?si=4jNC9ep67qlT2pP4
smh
scam
pieces missing immediately
What a silly billy
you called my mum fat last night nevo.
if i bought my mate a present and they destroyed it for £4 id disown them
!sr https://youtu.be/VerK4zwMRQw?si=4jNC9ep67qlT2pP4
WE TOLD YOU
everyone knew you were wrong but you mate
i think youre too doggone outta sight is my favourite compliment
DARLING D D D DARLING
yea that was my sr im mega influential nevo1sSmiles
@AnastasiaBvrhausen IM SO PROUD OF YOU
@SofiyeG <3 megachGriddy
its cringe jamie
FIESTA PARTY QUINCINERA FAMILY
chat has bizarre taste
SICK SONG BY ME (PAUL MCCARTNEY)
@bill_schitt its called stimming, hes autistic. dont get nasty.
TEMPORARY! SECRETARY!
my name is paul not kacie payne
@reyhanaa yes
i couldnt believe how bad it was at first. but i love it
chill without the looming throwing
the song not your stream mate
your inability to read usernames is actually inspiring
@reyhanaa he misreads and gets mad at his own interpretation its so funny
i told you to look into late diagnosed women because theyre traits are different and more subtle
THEIR*
my enemy gifted me lego
give them a clean you scruffy bugger
looks like a hairless cat
pls dont talk about your bum
ask someone who cares mate
not offensive to me. just feel sorry for you for having ugly hands
you were lied to
tier ranking viewers hands
only been 2 hours
you silly bugger!
anyone in chat want to start streaming so we can watch something else?
@bill_schitt I SAID IT LOOKS LIKE THE HAIRLESS CAT U ALWAYS SEND TOO nevo1sSmile
@bill_schitt why do you know my eye colour freak
skip this boring thing weirdo
ew ugly
thats ugly as hell
thats put me in a bad mood with how ugly it is
stop kissing dobby mate. hes got the mental age of a 5 year old
its actually making me angry. hes so ugly and unapologetic about it
i thought it was triab true
Lollipops
Ought to be called cavities on a stick
@bill_schitt can you do it normally? or is your voice more christopher lee like because of illness?
how many times are you gonna cry missing piece
boy who cried wolf
how much is your friendship with the person who gifted it to you worth?
still not done Jesus Christ
rip dobby youd have loved turkey teeth and fast fashion
clip farmer
HAVE YOU EVER HEARD AN IRISH PERSON SAY WD40
i wanted to be with you alone!!!! and talkabout the weatherrrr!!!!
i like that one time in 2nd film duel where snape goel EXPELLIARMUS really weirdly
i feel like id remember if you play it with sneele
hi bastard of bolton
can you put dancing fruits on for 5 mins. im overwhelmed
ive never watched cranstoon. ive started watching the fruits with my niece and i like it
my niece straight up stops crying if she sees these bouncing fruits
just saw how much 5000 bits is. thats actually crazy
clip this ungrateful streamer
its 61 if you buy 5000 at once
i buy bits all the time for pokimane nevo1sSmiles
Do a backflip
@bill_schitt MILK IN FIRST CHALLENGE
nevo if youre actually grateful youd cry
CRY now
nevo if it helps i can promise ill never gift you a sub nevo1sSmiles
chew on them like a rabbit
in a minute... its been 150 mins
clairo btw is actually my twin flame. were sisters
i was clairos stand in for her music video btw
@SmellySoggySock i think it was sofiye
HWO HOW HOW DO YOU KEEP DOING THINGS WRONG
im needing a kip after watching this
bro did a zesty WOO and tried to cover it with a footie GOWARN
is there normal scran too?
rizzo thast vile
YOURE A MOD. BEHAVE YOURSELF
i can barely swallow a tablet nevermind lego
FAKE FAN ITS WHERE HE GETS THE SOCK FROM
i want to go home
i dont like this line of discussion
we can still see you mate
youve got a second camera angle brother
bart
^
i think id be really good at being amish
i cant wait for stream to end so the handcuffs can come off. modding is exhausting lol.
I LOVE THE LIVING THE WEEK AS A MORMON THING. HAVING THAT AS A COMPLAINT IS SO REAL/
cant even have a cp or tea or coffee or say a swear word
you cant abuse a mermaid""
god was inside me just a few months ago""
this song always reminds me of aftersun nevo1sFrowns
OWAH HUGE RAID.
were nevlings
its almost bed time
i dont like the ill give you tic tac one. i feel like he was begging it by then
get your minging fingers away from camera
this with the music is like a weird manifesto
ujuzi that is so wise
everything is lowk awesome
ask her in admin chat shes your mod
lowkey ugly cake. hope thats not too malicious.
this cake is so ugly
@AnastasiaBvrhausen yea mate. dont ever message me again. youre blocked.
@AnastasiaBvrhausen you spelt my name wrong.
turn music off you need to clipfarm for tiktok
master has given dobby a sock.
its something
yea nerds.
dont put your dirsty socks on camera
dont bovver mate
the one with the pillows probably jamie
WE HEARD THAT
NEVO
THAT WAS SICK
NO IN A GOOD WAY
IT WAS A FART
NOT* IN A GOOD WAY
SICK AND TWISTED
that was disgusting can you apologise
i feel like were sat across from eachother fr! lets get parasocial
i swear jamie said hed help you ages ago
i dont have a birthday just a date when  my mum found me by a bin
imagine having a favourite evil
anastasias mum is dead mate
I FEEL LIKE IM QUEUEING FOR VALHALLA
i hate blackpool pleasure beach
its quite loud
THIS NEW CAMERA IS CRAZY
i just rewatched the f*rt clip. i cant believe you did that
!game Dark Souls III
new mod put !title to change it.. have a bit of fun
okay rizzo
not sure youll last long
Yea look what he called it mate
im head mod. jk.
@Rizzo04 IM NOT HEAD MOD DONT SAY THAT ITLL BE A WHOLE THING. also you got the nevo approval
music is lowkey very quiet
turn that down mate neighbours are gonna be fuming
its well loud
can you add one thats balancing on a yogaball
can you add a channel points reward where you wiggle the piggies. done have to show on cam we'd be able to tell from the smile nevo1sSmiles
SORRY. i only feel safe being weird on discord
THE RUSSIAN MEANT I'm finishing quickly!" LOL"
slash prediction then enter :)
slash prediction anastasia
me when i catch a fish alive
whats the prediciton
btw mods if you vote in a prediction you cant end it nevo1sSmiles
actually feel like a crew trainer hope i get a pay rise
im got 52k points and nowt to spend them all
end stream now mouse boy
EW stop it
todays stream featured sweat And a fart u piggy
aw bless hes gonna cry
BYE !
WHAT ON EARTH DOES THE TITLE MEAN
ALSO YOURE WELCOME FOR THIS SONG NEVLINGS
i didnt even finish my build </3
how long between nevnation 4 and 5?
DAYS.
literally the only world ive been on and its been a tragedy from start to end
No election pleek pleek pleek
i had no clue that it existed
i had a nice time in nevnation 4. granted it was because i was alone and had special priviledges nevo1sSmiles
i actually tried with my builds smh
id log on but i lost my mouse and i cant be bothered! nevo1sSmiles
hi rizzo
the nevo sub baby is ready to be born
I WAS BUILDING A CASTLE FOR YOUR WEDDING
RIP nevo1sFrowns
im not logging onto nevmation 5... its like nevnation 2 all over
I LIKE INSIDE NUMBER 9
imagine not caring about your viewers time and effort megachGriddy
kidding btw nevo1sSmile
bill it’s triab true
not it’s not fin
its finally over!!!1
bro wants to be wilbur soot so bad
smelly sock you ruined my life btw
@SmellySoggySock i did you a favour and you shoved it in my face. hope you enjoy lapdancing nevo cos thats your real life future
THATS CONANS
making charlie an op yea its over
nevnation 4 <3
ROLL THE CREDITS
what a server. nevnation 5 could be special if you give me Creative
aw bless even worse than nevnation 2 somehow, it wont be missed x
MAKE IT THE 13TH
biscuit day
no
im minecrafted out
open it on the 13th so we can do a biscuit day celebration
maiva wasnt on i swear
can we play club penguin legacy in mean time
ive got your username you can have it for a tenner
aw nevo unlucky mate.
OH YEA YOU GOT IAN MOORE SHADOWBANNED IN CHAT
worlds worst streamer
i was there mate.
dont ever dismiss me again
/smack nevo1st
its scrabble its borink
I want to participate pls pls pls. autism is my superpower
you have to be really knowledgeable in a certain topic
my special interest is your mum! waheyyyy
READ MINE ON STREAM
@AnastasiaBvrhausen I said probably anastasia :p but he doesnt read well
!title MY SOUL IS DARK (w/ song requests)
soz bout the title i dont like the game or know the rules or aim nevo1sSmiles
!sr accidentally in love
!sr https://youtu.be/9Ed_WWmFy9I?si=tTcrKZ0MFVBZJsQm
!sr https://youtu.be/d43pMOF_MQI?si=_OmIUxiZWwhazqXT
!sr https://youtu.be/ynkiBPvuSXo?si=FsXyhjDWm49Lo_s2
if you cant find the song put a direct link from youtube
THIS SONG WAS OSCAR NOMINATED
FOR SHREK
this game is like pom gets wifi to me
can nevnation 4.2 be the orphanage pls
pls give one of your mods the nightbot authority to skip nevo1sSmiles
not me personally i dont have nightbot
nevo1sSerious
its logan paul forest apology
mine would be wayne rooney lolipop :)
literally worst game ever
im a girl and i like roblox! nevo1sBosh
wait type into google snake and play that and itll fix the issue
watching stream waiting for my songs to come on nevo1sSmiles  some gimp is complaining a lot though
Im working on a fortnite parody called thank you for the medkit nevo1sSmiles
like thank you for the music by abba
CLUB PENGUIN LEGACY!!!
rip nevnation 1,2,3, and 4. rip tomodachi life. rip jackbox. rip bully. no games left to stream. retirement pending
play rock paper scissors
nah play pipe jepordy 3
anyone else lowkey suddenly just get a pang of sorrow in their soul
sorry i hacked dark souls cos i dont like it
Atchoo!
oops i replaced the other pin
Can u hurry up
not to be rude.
unpinned I don't know whats real anymore.. thanks charlie
charlie whats your username..
I need permission to join too
right theres been a tragedy in modding
i deleted a comment with charlies link by mistake
DONT DO THAT
I ONLY JUST GPT IN
literally just work on your storytelling skills
i made my roblox account 10 years ago and its like a tenner to change the name nevo1sFrowns
WEVE ALWAYS JOINED ANASTASIA
STUPID BOY
not to stress you out but you might want some background music
that was a warm up round nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles
you had to add charlie as a friend
his username is pinned
i lost my glasses lowkey
barefoot AUTOMATIC one star
ITS BECAUSE YOU INVENTED YOUR OWN THEME
go to the manequin wall anf press it
man or woman
thats so scary
I GOT ON THE PODIUM
BEST DAY EVER
hope this works ! :p
what are you yapping about tom
this is why you dont win
TAYLOR SWIFT!
i wanted to do that but i thought no one would get the reference
ITS FESTIVE. rip christmas
thats pink
ew this theme is weird
My game lagged the hell out and all the manequins were empty.. i was picking clothes from memory nevo1sFrowns
it looks like JAMES CHARLES
tom why are you bald
@bill_schitt bless. you have to dit the patterns onto the clothes
HES SO HEALOUS
be more consistent" Lies"
you guys have such annoying names to time out
Bro did a MULTIVERSE
you say youre not chronically online then pull that
nevo its okay to set boundaries
just end stream mate You have free will
END STREAM NOW
no
Bye
hi neville!! im late because i turned notifiations off and unfollowed and blocked
cyan yolk thats criminal
nevo chat is going to get even unfunnier after these tiktoks smh
im already bored. going to put family guy on telly and play subway surfers
mods? is there a way to end stream without nevo realising
YOURE SO THICK
I WOULD KNOW WHEN THEY SOFTWARE MODE... IT MEANS TO CHOOSE SOFTWARE OPTION IDIOT
Also IM NOT streaming. and thats the difference.
he cant have song requests he needs clips
clip farmer
OUTSIDE!!!!!
bless you rizzo (for the sneeze0
theres a horrible insect in this game I SWEAR THEYRE NOT EVEN IN THE FILM
DO THE ROAR
Do The Roar
Your little legs couldnt even carry you to the finish line of red light green light
sqwKID game
i ate gingerbread man yesterday. it didnt bring childlike glee like i wanted
i had a shrek ds game
with rumpelstiltskin
anyone else hungry for chicken neck and bumhole soup
I WAS IN SPOONS TODAY nevo1sFrowns
i FORGOT
i thought that was intentional cos its a niche game nevo1sFrowns
if i dont get best mod for 2025 youll have to quit streaming
anyone else not like swamps lowkey? they look smelly and nasty
youd be do the roar if he was ginger
WOKE SHREK: my non binary triplets slayed the house down boots
end stream then
shrek has triplets.. gay son, thot daughter,nonbinary monarch
? no need
shrek in the swamp : AM SHREK MA PRONOUNS ARE HE/HIM AND I NEED A POTION
shrek : the witch (or wizard) brewed this cauldron in Her (or his) cauldron. donkey:  WHY CANT YOU JUST SAY THEY
I meant potion kms
this lowkey reminds me of fortnite
magical mosses
im riding hood, anastasia is fiona, conan is donkey, nevo is shrek
didnt wanna call conan shrek due to their physcial similarities nevo1sFrowns hes an ogre
id rather be shopping! i want to go to starbucks! i have to pee sitting down! (joke about women)
he diced shrek into CUBES.... thats what they sell at beccas chinese.
conan you ought to be timed out
SPAM
eat the mouldy chocolate
ew
youre sick in the head
youre gonna get sleep paralysis again
count orlok was saying hi
^
okay what is up with all these followers
i love sharing my feet
THAT WAS MY SITER
SISTER
rosie has ruined my life
i lick feet
ROSIE
shes taller than me
CLIP THAT CLIP THAT
I DO
anyone want a sister. im done with mine
@SofiyeG my sister is amazing and funny and cool and awesome
nevvy for worst impression
nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae
il kms
hi guys im back from doing my sisters hair nevo1sSmiles
CONGRATS!! i was here all this time though
My room smells like paper mache. im sad as can be
nevo if im in your fortnite squad i got the griddy emote btw
Im killing myself if anyone but me gets creative
My best friend anasasia beaverhuasen gifted my the griddy emote
!game fortnite
im logged off now i stubbed my toe
unmod tom
!title FORTNITE 1000 FOLLOWER SPECIAL
im not joining i stubbed my toe. also me and jamie and nevo. whos gonna carry.
conan ill upvote your post if you play fortnite with me
I forgot im a mod and voted smh
@bill_schitt tom do you want to play fortnite with me and conan. im streamsniping nevo
@bill_schitt i only asked conan because you always say NO
this is going to be great content. i sacrificed my place for boomer. no regrets.
@bill_schitt EVERYTIME ANASTASIA ASKS YOU LEAVE THEM ON READ
Guys no one vote in the poll of who to remove and then well get a whole new squad nevo1sSmiles kidding nevo1sSmiles
we cant see your full screen neville
missing the squad kill number
lol
doober is carrying so hard. and do you know how much i hate being kind to doober.
conan can you apologise for gifting my sister a sub
SOFIYE I MADE THAT JOKE FIRST IN VC... you had no way of knowing BUT do not give conan credit
i actually did conan. i remember when I said it because people rarely laugh at my jokes and i felt proud
also conan do not start being pedantic or ill straight up time you out i dislike you on personal levels
i spent £14 nevo1sFrowns
this is so tragic
BOOMER KEEP SINGING
turn jamie all the way down pls. i want boomer
av you seen the meme from lord of the rings and hes like one does not simply Hahaha.
you can all sorts of captions about difficult things
@SofiyeG jamie was there when they discovered fire AND the wheel.honestly jealous
https://www.tiktok.com/@resorpt/video/7359042728086326571
unfortunatetly i did know the meme jamie meant
crazy how this squad is 4 people who'd never meet irl (maybe community service you criminals)
conan left chat because hes playing fortnite
DO NOT GIVE CHILDREN PLATFORMS. we must all learn our lessons
nevo what dd you eat at the cinema yesterday? detail every bite actually
I DOUBLED MY INVESTMENT
this is your best squad yet
invite tasha next or you hate women btw
THIS IS SO CRINGE
STOP DANCING WITH THAT OUTFIT ON
im feeling embarrassed on your behalf
jamie theyre called women
nevo knows about rationing. only has choccy on the 13th :(
well
ADD TASHA NEXT
OR YOU HATE WOMEN
can you remove the ginger juice world one
can we kick jamie for doxxing too
INVITE TASHA OR YOU HATE WOMEN
kick jamie for doxxing boomer
kick nevo for excluding women
who wants to stream snipe nevo
Kick the echoer rn.
I HAD TO LEAVE SIMON DISCORD BECAUSE THEY WERE SEXIST TO ME
NEVO
conan kicked me from his fortnite party.
hes eating mouldy chocolate btw bailtherie
@bailtherie they were sexist to me in your discord and i had to leave nevo1sFrowns
jamie youre so needy
tell him kai done put fanum on a hose
horse.
WHY IS JAMIE EVEN IN THE CALL HES NOT IN THE GAME
LEAVE RN AND JOIN SIMON
THIS IS SO EXCITING
our little nevilles come so far
imagine its a prank as revenge for the horse!
LOL
can you tell simple simon hes banned the word racist but didnt ban people being racist nevo1sSmiles in his discord
PUT TOM IN THE SQUAD PLS PLS
THEYVE BEEN @ED
LOL NEVO THIS IS SO UNREAL
IMAGINE NOT READYING UP
ask simon for a sample of his only fans
FORTNITE FRIDAY
his controllers not working
ask him about war rations
can you ask simon about skibidi toilet
ASK HIS FAVOURITE GAME TO STREAM. I don't know IM TRYING TO BE HELPFUL
ask what his first console was <3
ask if he plays among us
ASK SIMON WHAT HE GOT FOR CHRISTMAS
ask if hes seen beast games
OPPONENTS
stealing a kill is low nevo
ask if his house is haunted
imagine not giving simon minis
tell simon i think hes a handsome chap
Np simon x
ask him why he flaked on the nevvys
they could do a dance off
ask simon where he streams from and why he wears his coat
it seems so cold
ask simon if you can borrow a tenner
CHARLIE
THATS RANK
s
it will be legendary for the corner""
this is so surreal
THROW THE GAME FROM FALL DAMAFE
put the fries in the bag
nevo1sNaeNae
ask simon id hes heard brat
LOL
morcou is such a good liar its concerning
ASK SIMPLE SIMON HIS TOP 4 FILMS
ask simon if paidhacks or shyneboyz were a better villian
ask simple simon if his fortnite glitch" is a hacked client"
simons letterboxd top 4 tik tok clip
compulsive liar gets muted
ask simon the best accents in the uk
ask simon if he likes ice spice
aydexe dont be cheeky
ask him what to do when your mods get upset with you
OMG A RAID nevo1sS
ask him if you could collab on onlyfans
ask him if he believes in god
tell him how horrible your chat is
MILK IN FIRST CHALLENGE
ASK SIMON HAS HE HEARD OF MILK IN FIRST CHALLENGE
SERVER MUTED
PANGLEWANG you can check simplesimons stream rn
tell simon i’m also a victim of dinner with ryan
Yea his tiktok is schizophrenic
LOL
nevo1sSmiles megachGriddy
100% win rate. 1000 followers.
he had 150 tik tok viewers watching him TALK OUT LOUD but you were in his headphones
he said “what are their names? minitom and krissy bennet. congrats to them”
*backflips*
you can’t put bennet and nevo in same call cos they’re same person
Goodnight ! megachGriddy
THEY FOUND HUMAN REMAINS IN MR BEASTS HOME
No <3
oh god nevnation 1. my heart does yearn
can we vote for neither
vote for the end stream
LOL
wow impressive. hmm.
man to woman? or woman to man?
i kinda wanna play shrek" you have free will"
if you play fortnite can you do the weird squid game map
YOU PUT FORTNITE TWICE
!game Shrek 2
thought you were clipfarming ngl
EMPTY THE QUEUE YOU FOOL
sorry nevo
!sr https://youtu.be/TO8gAvl59Kw?si=3cNRxnmVGiavZOyP
!sr https://youtu.be/TO8gAvl59Kw?si=3cNRxnmVGiavZOyP
this is sad
lewis my managuh deals wiv song requests
!sr https://youtu.be/TO8gAvl59Kw?si=3cNRxnmVGiavZOyP
!sr https://youtu.be/ut7VtQGJHzE?si=Cf6ITJLdbkcdVsu4
!sr https://youtu.be/ut7VtQGJHzE?si=Cf6ITJLdbkcdVsu4
!sr https://youtu.be/uMshgHF9Gso?si=basVLjFgwU70i5Nx
!sr https://youtu.be/uMshgHF9Gso?si=basVLjFgwU70i5Nx
!sr https://youtu.be/87nG3LuabUs?si=XoyQnaAiha9o-DmD
nightbot is rubbish
!sr https://youtu.be/3cfm0hjtesc?si=MsD-MpfFU1MjfLCH
i watched 3 mins of his stream earlier and he went to somewhere dead and his manager was like THERES NO ONE TO RP HERE
GEE WHIZZ!!!
nevo ive decided to be kind to you dor this stream
i was about to hate but kindness always wins
1
lowkey im actually silent since promising kindness I don't know how to do this.
nevo you look like youd be really good in the london dungeons as an actor nevo1sSmiles
THAT WAS KINDNESS
NOT ME NOT HERMIONE YOU
HE WAS THEIR FRIEND. AND HE BETRAYED THEM. HE WAS THEIR FRIEND
and its such bad acting
hi rizzo
when you looked at naked draco and harry fanart?
good job doing self care nevo1sSmiles
1
Kindness is free. never forget that
i apologise nevo1sSmiles  im a changed person
!sr then a link
im trying to be kind today to make up for it and youre making it difficuly
lovely shirt!
you would look dapper in a pink shirt
nevo1sSmiles
i like those pyjama pants nevo1sSmiles
sofiye i love wolf alice nevo1sSmiles (looking at song queue)
wow nevo buying your own clothes is very independent and impressive nevo1sSmiles
nevo my whole family love your streams!
nevo its okay to fall for pranks like that!! everyone has those days
nevo1sFrowns
!sr baby driver simon and garfunkel
nevo you look like you'd be really polite to the person behind the counter at greggs nevo1sSmiles
nevo you look like youd have hands in fists when hugging a women (some people like that so hands dont wander) nevo1sSmiles
kindness is very new to me im lowkey bored
whats the deji song where he goes MAN I SHIT IN THE URNINAL
NEVO NEVO NEVO GUESS WHAT
Literally COULDNT BE MORE ungrateful
your outfit didnt eat GINGER BOY. pie and mash for dinner i bet.
also youre very short and i would stand on you like plankton
also can i be in your fortnite squad nevo1sSmiles
I don't know im smiling rn
Thanks Sofiye! :3. always got my back
kaceoh here. (kacie version of caseoh) nevo is a copycat AND clip farmer.
I LOVE PRINTING THINGS
my mum said i banned from fortnite til i stop biting my siblings. no squading up today ig nevo1sFrowns
I want to be famous!!!!!
This is so complicated now.
@SofiyeG same :(
!game fortnite
i left. i just wanted to play fortnite squads :( lowkey i was tricked
nevo can you invite me back when the you use party chat nevo1sSmiles my discord doesnt work also i do not like squid games
also things are awkward between me and anastasia since they sent me soiled underwear in the post
nevo is gonna look at stats after this and compare it to pom gets wifi
if i won squid games id buy an orphanage
anyone want to join my fortnite party?
end the stream.
i like that you never ever check a game before you play
I HATE YOU.
tom do you want to be in my squad  to streamsnipe nevo
he didnt invite me to squads. even though i deserve it most.
NEVO HAAAATES WOMEN
This is the worst stream ever. dont even care that i wasnt invited. cos its so dogwater bad. not even salty. and also i dont care and im over it
have you ever heard of a link
you wouldnt say any of that if i got a party invite.. smh. nevo1sFrowns
@bill_schitt I WAS IN THE PARTY HE LEFT AND THEN REJOINED IT. AND REPLACED ME WITH RIZZO. THE BURPY WEE BOY
get IN the storm rizzo" OK so then he would die"
hes so MID he didnt pick up the victory crown
Im gonna need a bigger toilet! :p
they have a turd in the chamber
HOW IS IT ONLY 10PM
not to be dramatic but this stream ruined my night, then my week and then my month then my year
END STREAM
Ask rizzo to hit the emote again pls.
LET ME PLAY OR YOU HATE WOMEN
I can only use party chat
can we vote to time conan out for 1000000000 seconds
i can only play on PARTY CHAT!!!! StinkyCheese
imagine not readying up smh
conan i dont like you. i want to have you banned. but im not a tyrant. so ill just block you.
@Rizzo04 im older than you
not to be dramatic but i did say dont do the poll itll be kicked.. and then it was.. even though we already loaded into a game
https://youtu.be/e9naS97cTAw?si=uki8yBpDBXpPbXkZ also that sounds like doober there is no better quality video
also my medication means i cant cry but i literally would be if i could
as if im playing mate. rot in a hole and die
DIE DIE DIE DIE
remember how i had a mic though
yea so maybe i did vote for myself to be kicked so nevo couldnt end stream but thats not the point
I hope his twitch account gets banned
I hope he is involved in a banking scam
how dare you suggest me being there after todays events nevo1sFrowns
doubt that nevo1sSmiles goodnight
I JUST WHIPPED AND NAE NAED SIMULTANEOUSLY
