this guy really wanted to take my job LMAO LMAOOO
if you ever and i mean EVER step foot in detroit i’m going to beat you to a pulp
mods, as your supervisor i command you to create a poll for the 48 hour timeout of jamiec
jamie
you have been defeated
remember this
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 jamie makes decrepit armpit food
@hulkshart i WILL steal your man girlll don’t test me cos i’ll pass EVERYTIME
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 cheers mate
can we GAMBLE on street fights between small animals such as lizards or perchance feeding birds
what’s more crucial, gravity or minecraft story mode?
@ttvbest_fortnite_player SAN MARINO WON AGAIN
my house was raided by the central intelligence office and anastasia beaverhausen in which 10 kilos of crack cocaine was seized in my guest room, currently inhabited by folklohre.
@nintendogsforswitch it won’t let me :(
speaking of connoreatspants, can we raid him?
can we get rashid’s opinions on this game right now
NO WAY @hulkshart LMAO
my names nevo1st and i’m a streamer on twitch! i have a mcdonald’s hairline but i love nintendo games and being chased through the woods! please drop a follow and leave a like
not on guys
doing it now
what did rizzo say?
WHAT DID TOU JUST SAY TO ME???
@rizzo04 as mod spokesperson, i would like to inform you that you deserved it due to a build up of offences
also if you say that to ave again you will be murdered by the australian magus
@nintendogsforswitch anytime x
nobody is glazing me. i am being praised for my motivation
also YES MIITOPIA
@hulkshart heyyyy what’s up bestie
OMG
be careful of this one he’s a bit of a wiggler!!
you’ve been gagging for dark souls 3 for MONTHS now
went to go edit the newest q smp clip and come back and you’re still playing the piglet game
yeah, are you jealous?
@fortnitegriddychallenge doesn’t it.
what has happened here ladies and gentleman
i am so pleased to be subbed. now i can bully my predecessor and not watch ads! wohoo
@nintendogsforswitch hi bestie x
@nintendogsforswitch you’ve got this! full belief
who’s the dog on the left?
this charlie guy is a right gimp
nevo1st more like nevo thirst for money! SELLOUT SELLOUT SELOIT SELLOUT TWAT
ethan say lesbian rights
ethan what’s the worst word you know
jeff bezos is threatening to kill himself in the board meetings now
can we kick out nevo? thanks
sorry to hear about what happened between you and bill schitt, dms aren’t open for the likes of you but hope your ok
when does lyraawr come on. i don’t like when you don’t have lyraawr on streams. i might commit gbh section 18 on you if this continues.
gang members
shut up please
oi loser boy give us a smil, a nice big smile
@jamiec shut up you gimp
@jamieec , as spokesperson for the mods, the words ‘this is so cringey’ have been banned, and you will now be receiving a timeout. enjoy
you’ve got this! i have full belief in you even though you are a gimpy gimpy perm boy
@jamieec shush
