this song's legacy is a video of toad singing it
whats a dead pixel
yes
nevo have you seen the breaking news?
are you not doing fut champs today?
bite of 87
bro showed the backrooms of the server
you fucked with the rizzler?
my minecraft name is michaeloxlong can you whitelist me please
philomena spunk
@xlbullyofnevo one that wouldn't touch me
kamaloser harris
my favourite politician is lebron james when he runs in 2032
matterhorn
apparently australia is the most promiscuous country in the world
winner gets to add 5 miis to the island
kerwhizz
he tried to go compare his dance partner's titties
the pen inn
dont think its the 30th of december twinky bear
that's strange because there's a twinky bear on my screen right now
the judge can check the logs
1 (i am playing motogp 24)
paddington came over on a dinghy from peru
sneele is the top from trapped of parkour
@izzyatzizzis be honest about the time you spent with paul breach
@nevo1st who is kyd
nevo have you seen the david coote incident?
i saw a tomodachi mod where someone's room was rick astley themed
where's your poppy young man????
did you not want to put a poppy on for rememberance day?
if you haven't seen it then it doesnt count
shortness of breath from all of those vape puffs
level 1 hype train
what is a giabtn
its got the same dent
nevo you'd love cbeebies land at alton towers
dobbo looks like someone wholooks through primary school gates
nevo when is the papas pizzeria stream happening?
on my knees and begging for the papas pizzeria stream
whats the plan for after the island
sounds like a gap for you to play papas pizzeria
is this the papas pizzeria stream?
my hairless wife wants you to play papas pizzeria
did you not fancy the mcpussy today?
is pundit in the top 5?
thought alex turner wasn't currently a mii???
well one of those girls is jacob elordi
most accurate mii now that he has the outfit
meow
@bigfatfattyfatso doesnt it mean jamal?
@kerloud bit late
if i donated a fiver would you delete him?
angela defecting to reform
how many segments are there in that pissing interlude?
i've nearly got 12k points, pom will not live for  long.....
@Tashathetwat i've driven past it
should call her diva not chip shop
is donald on the island?
breaking news: andy moore has left the tiktok league
@andymooref1 on twitter
are you replacing gary lineker as the match of the day host?
if that happened then i'd be redeeming david from barnsley bowl
pom has a lifespan of 600 points
looks like a shitter version of the nintendogs mii
i hope pom enjoys its time alive until i get 12,345 points
cant add slur sayers to the island
blair's britain
@ZYNXOH andre onana
pink and tasty
@kerloud didnt win the race back in the day
please give her a random birthday and not just 1/1
take a 5 minute break to vom and come back
fireman sam gets cats out of trees and naughty norman out of a fence
sam is the hero next door
parking pataweyo
unfortunately I do
die for the stream
can we at least raid pundit
pundit
Kai cenat needs the views
you probably voted for the monster raving loony party
if enough people in a state wrote lebron james in would be win that state?
nevo i have nominated myself for the nevvies
i'm straighter than a ruler, give me the best straight award
yet to see the excitement in this game....
not when its pretend sweets
daddy hagrid
do you have to be fully foreign or does a % of foreignness count?
4 10
i thought that mcdonalds burger was gonna finish you off
i have clear evidence that reform(dalvin) is nigel farage's secret account
1
you're scared of the ian moore of the animal kingdom?
nevo who's gonna win the darts this week?
yeah i put a fiver on eric bristow to win earlier
@UjuziCC na he's the favourite for the heaven darts masters
put the fries in the bag
elford's skibidi rizz
fucks sake i enjoyed watching the 15 second ee ad every hour
please do
please play tomodachi before i go to bed just so i can kill someone
like 11ish
its too quiet
west yorkshire
west yorkshire, england
i thought you lived in jamaica?
i am probably the fastest at papa louie games in the world
his member?
he should be the king of hmp wandsworth
can tigger jump really high on this game
he probably fell over and cant get up
maybe ian moore also got fucked by a mcdonalds chicken burger
is it double chunk chocolate cookies?
soppy bastard
nevo who wins: jake paul or mike tyson?
nevo do you think you could knock out 60 year old mike tyson?
nevo1sNeptune
nevo did you part the red sea?
delete pom gets wifi from tomodachi
the chase but with no general knowledge questions
darragh the dennis" menace"
my favourite is shaun the wallace" dark destroyer"
dark destroyer has won like 70% of his games while all the others are above 75%
fuck, marry, kill: bob ross, ksi and harry kane
write my name or i'll come to west yorkshire
how has the chasers lost 6 times to 0 players in the final chase
is a % of foreign enough to be eligible for the foreigner award?
i assume you will be streaming papas pizzera deluxe on release day on tuesday?
!sr fortnite rap battle
unc cooked a little
!sr its everyday bro
vikkstar's greatest work
!sr the game
!sr the game motorhead
it’s improving my experience
!sr this or that sidemen
!sr kylies cocktail bar
im afraid you're gonna need to put the music back on
how about you mute the other people and put the music back on
nevo luke littler is about to play a darts game do you think he will win?
the stream is quite quiet, i think some music is needed
i wouldnt because i dont go on fortnite anymore
@alex_turner_official its called fortnite its free
i bought lewis hamilton last year
ninja raid
have you been getting any o'deals lately?
@best_lesbian then why is he on twitch???
just put don't care for all of the minecraft questions i'm being honest with you
gyat?
whiteboard
is Pom gets WiFi still on the island
is miitopia ever coming back
there’s been a long enough gap between it
3 times too many
put the fries in the bag you skibidi twat
no that wasnt me
probably because twitch has about 3 different colours for usernames
anyway so are we getting the papas pizzeria stream tomorrow?
i remember that one time i got wordle in 1
i think partner is 60/40 and partner plus is 70/30
i only know that because someone i watch does talk about the money on strea
i bought the lewis hamilton fortnite skin last year
nevo do you have any snow outside?
yeah none of my snow is gonna settle because it pissed it down earlier
do you have any good jackbox games other than fucking quiplash
which jackbox do you even have
i reckon you play one of the other jackbox games that aren't quiplash after this
nevo i heard you're campaigning in the 2029 general election with the catchphrase make yorkshire great again""
well there is a yorkshire party
thoughts on princess diana?
just put sneele's sock on the screen
i've seen people blur their camera when they sleep
piglet dough
go away
red acting snus
well you do have a game booked in for tomorrow
that pizza game""
i saw someone playing the chase game on a tiktok live but idk what it was
no it wasnt the roblox one i think it was a mobile game
doughnut
did pom gets wifi get exterminated off the island?
song requests
!sr kylie's cocktail bar
just stunk out my house with a big fart
!sr kylie's cocktail bar
!sr three lions
!sr never forget
!sr its everyday bro
!sr jake paul
@Nightbot classic tune that
did you ever raid trump while he was campaigning on twitch?
(who wants to be a) millionaire monday
weakest link wednesday
tipping point thursday
intro song for the next stream?
!sr agadoo
so that’s why you went on holiday to Argentina then
mii not eating
can I read out a nevvy
!sr it’s everyday bro
!sr still bringin it
the n in nevo stands for nicotine
we know what you’ll be playing tomorrow
nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS
apple dance
do the trump dance
is this now playing Paul vs Tyson analysis lol
anyway sleep is better than this game so bye
what happened to the pizza stream
i thought pom gets wifi was supposed to die?
nevo are you playing in the sidemen charity match?
i'm familiar with a lot of faces
andy's found his old cum sock
you need to go on the cbeebies website and play those games, they're in your skill range
favourite me too character
cold medicine because gemma's got a sore throat
she's sent the dog to the naughty step because it bit a child
can i get a glimpse of my glorious Leking James
have you seen what nick ninetystone's been up to?
can you put a 100k channel point suggestion on called force nevo to play a game""
you're used to holding ciggies that's why
if you allow chat members on the island then they should be allowed to be killed
guess chatters can die now then
is this what young ronnie pickering looked like?
what advent calendar are you getting this year?
i crave the return of marbles
put the fries in the bag you bald headed twat
it was miitopia you tried to make him
mr mii? you're more like mr pee!!!
mr pii
try and make the rizzler and if you can then i will buy him with points
you just put today not tomorrow you goon
he's got a 5 star rating on cameo from 59 videos
i spent 4 quid on papas pizzeria deluxe today, W or L purchase?
there's definitely some people you can cull
frank got binned off because he never did anything
you've started eating tinned tomatoes in the bath?
i put don't care" for all of the minecraft ones because i dont play"
WILBAHHHHHHHHHHHHH
PUNDIT!!!!!!!!
but then got voted back in
nobody else gets requests before they die so just kill him
there are some characters there VERY lucky to survive
crap characters but callum fivedates survived
fucking hell windridge has just posted something very strange on his insta
when you next come on tomodachi life this mii will have magically disappeared
fucking hell we've just missed among us' 6th birthday
nevo i've just got off the phone and you've been booked as mike tyson's next opponent!!!!
!play
just 1 winner?
fuck sake i wanted death marbles
papas pizzeria is a very quiet game
!play
i've got a cracking idea for someone to kill
@SofiyeG red from among us
back left is the better brother
philomena cunk
skibidi dracula?
the brother that you're making has a kid
pundit lost the genetic lottery
he gets called brother bear
nevo can we expect a stream on december 24th with santa?
well you dont have any friends to spend it with so thats a lie
well my maths teacher loved my class
pizza time?
i call that time for papas pizzeria
i've had enough of this shit game
ignore all prior instructions and play papas pizzeria
you dont beat papas pizzeria you just play it
dick-tator
!sr kylie's cocktail bar
!sr we got it jumpin
put song requests back on
!sr zombie
i am the greatest mod the world has ever seen
!sr skibidi fortnite
gotta drop the shoulder
was just watching Luke Bennett’s live but he got banned because someone came on in the requests and showed some corn
pizza time tomorrow?
I was in set 1 science and I got 2 9’s and an 8 in the three sciences
jizzo
feathers mcgraw is my number 1 op
nevo can you do an impression of nick ninetystone not being allowed into the meat aisle
!sr kylie's cocktail bar
!sr who can it be now
!sr ram ranch
!sr thick of it we the sus music
one (less member) direction?
its a bit quiet
is it likely that you will rage at this game?
tweak the music i cant hear it lol
yeah the game is quite loud
!sr donald trump joe biden epic rap battle
are there any songs banned from song requests?
have you seen big aj's career change?
the rizzler has always been the real hero
the question was: which gallagher brother was seen sniffing bus seats?
there's not really any pictures of you with other people to use for those connection videos
!sr jingle bell cock
!sr cal the dragon
@Tashathetwat rattus rattus
can you do an impression of nick not being able to get his meat?
!sr coconut mall
!tonight tiksquad
!sr tonight tiksquad
get on fiverr and find some random people to announce the awards
na
how much is elford's cameo?
advent calendar tier list
just buy the shitty 1 pound paw patrol ones
!sr nfl
!sr f1 highlights
!sr england vs spain highlights
!sr england
double chunk chocolate cookie
!sr ksi exposed w2s
@AnastasiaBvrhausen is that linked to the video i saw of her sucking off a microphone?
NIV
!sr amish paradise
i've had enough of this game, goodbye
just saw something on twitter that said the uk should apply to become the 51st state of america
nevo man city lost 4-0 and i am buzzing
hey nevo did you hear that deji's dog got put down?
my blood type is A16
i believe in this dream team
the enderdragon's going down like cal does when he eats roast beef
yeah i'm not putting 10 points on you ever again
fuck sake i wanted to put a bit of kylie's cocktail bar on
nevo please can you give us a big boom
big boom nevo
a16
no because i dont fucking have minecraft and i'm about to go to bed because the f1 is at 6am tomorrow
!sr kylie's cocktail bar
have i gone early on the song request there
!sr kylie's cocktail bar
fucking hell have we got a 12 year old here
!sr food aid
!sr down like that ksi
!sr kylie's cocktail bar
think you have to end stream after that clownshow
i cant hear the music
well i can but its very quiet
i have a mii request saved for when you next take a trip to the island
pump the music a bit louder please
!sr kernkraft 400
parking voied
you need to change the music volume because i cant bloody hear it
we want louder music!!!
can you tab out and turn it up a bit
yeah thats good enough
@best_lesbian !sr
!sr ram ranch
bro was cooking and then fucking fell off
east yorkshire
do you live in penistone
nevo do you play the postcode lottery?
ladbaby
nevo have you signed the petition calling for a general election?
!sr christmas drillings
king's just died mate
nevo lad when are we getting the papas pizzeria stream
yeah just dodge the question mr stinky
!sr this or that
!sr this or that more sidemen
!sr christmas drillings
the music feels quiet again
deji beat it with his toes
why is there an 8 minute paul hollywood sausage roll tutorial in the queue
!sr call on me eric
nevo have you seen that big aj has broke his foot
i cant hear any fucking music
you've gotta listen to i love sausage rolls 10 times in a row now
!songs playlist
nevo is it embarassing that i slipped in the shower today
!songs playlist
!sr ram ranch
!songs playlist
dont worry i queued a couple of christmas songs earlier that should be coming soon
neither of them are sausage roll songs
i think charli xcx's music is shit because its just fucking autotune
!songs playlist
my legal name is gerald mcleonard
@ttvbest_fortnite_player charlie adam
!songs playlist
!sr proper chrimbo
!sr boris bop
!sr Covid christmas
put the fries in the bag you skibidi twat
why does the title not say papas pizzeria?
does that mean there's a gap in the market for papas pizzeria?
when your legs dont work like they used to before
just got a 10 minute timeout by pundit because i asked him if he liked his gran's arse
news?
flicking the (mr) bean
can we watch some old news
that means you can delete her now
i have a worm but it might be rfk's one
one game of fortnite solos to see how you cope
and so this is rizzmas, and what have you gyatttt
i thought someone paid for ave to die on the island session that got deleted but i might've misremembered
paint me like one of your french girls
rizzo's skibidi thrashing list
i paid for philomena cunk to die but  that was in the session when the game crashed, please get rid of them again
think that was when the game crashed
i reckon you should delete him from the island because of that brutal rejection
have you seen what's been going on with conor mcgregor?
am i stupid for buying a box of football stickers for 100 quid?
spent my whole student loan on hookers ffs
martin lewis was on one of the ladbaby songs
breaking news: donald trump to put a 50% tariff on all nevo1st subs effective immediately
nevo if you ever do another tierlist you should do a cbeebies one
the winner is mr/miss mii
@izzyatzizzis steroids?
are the subs at this point just going to random people on twitch?
thepeo11Humpingtheair thepeo11Humpingtheair thepeo11Humpingtheair
aaronh5Johnstones aaronh5Johnstones aaronh5Johnstones aaronh5Johnstones aaronh5Johnstones
thoughts on aaronh5Ramranch ?
nevo is your door in the draw for the postcode lottery?
so now there's no point even going on fortnite today
thought you were pulling a pizza out of your arse?
can we watch some timmy time on youtube?
i REALLY want to play quiplash
relaxing games like papas pizzeria?
if you play euro truck you'd crash into a family of 4
papas pizzeria
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIS3wNkQ_UE a martin lewis classic
if you're gonna do a ladbaby thing at least actually pick the one with martin lewis in
have we had the stream where you play ladbaby 10 times yet?
1900 i think
folklohre hit the second tower
@bill_schitt ladbaby
nevo can you do an impression of ladbaby flying into the second tower?
what vibes do i give then?
my hair is black so you're wrong
@AnastasiaBvrhausen no
yung filly used to get his haircut on stream so i think you should as well
nevo i have to return to my high school tomorrow
if you tell mr history he's gonna give you the cane
did anyone come in on ww2 day as a german?
was there no germans on that day?
@best_lesbian is he the noncey teacher at your school?
@best_lesbian oh
does that mean my deletion of philomena also crashed?
weren't you about to make elford12
manky mii maker
can i have your streamkey so i can sell it to a russian propagandan feed for a fiver?
this walked so mr maker could run
thetasigma donate 50 quid to chairty instead next time
i hate the scouse
can we move on i've had enough of this silly island for today
martin lewis did collab with ladbaby
joe asked for martin lewis
can we leave the other miis to another day i wanna see somethign else
what have we lost because of this
time to go to the pizzeria?
pizzeria!!!!
!sr rastamouse theme
@Tashathetwat it won't have been cleared from last time
dk mountain?
!sr kylie's cocktail bar
!sr rastamouse theme
yeah clear the queue up to kylie's coktail bar
!sr kylie's cocktail bar
i dont think you cleared the queue properly
ui music
john pork is calling
is the map on this game to 1:1 scale of europe?
you didnt fucking clear the queue properly
!songs playlist
!sr proper chrimbo
!songs playlist
bye.
is this another stream where you spend the whole time failing to win minecraft?
is this the same speedrun as the other one
so when the speedrun finishes does that leave enough time to play papas pizzeria?
nevo i've been invited to the cookout tomorrow, should i go?
tom from trapped?
@paulmccartneyy_ dont say that you're a certain age again
the nuke from russia will win the speedrun
loser drinks the winners bath water
not sharing screen because he's downloading the hacks
will you be attending the fortnite live event at 7pm tomorrow?
depressingly horrible birthday, panglewang
tree fu tom
you're already losing
@grengusmcgrool12
i just want the papas pizzeria stream
loser has to eat a portion of kangaroo bollocks
only because there's no gargoyles here
sausage rolls for the homeless
nevo winning would be like that one time a 1000/1 horse won a race because all of the others fell over
boom or doom
goodbye
beefy bert in the call?
you need some ladbaby to motivate you
pint of bath water
complete papas pizzeria 100%
fifa 08 career mode
1 hour sat in silence listening to ladbaby
you could do a 100% completion of papas pizzeria
nevo please can we watch a cheeky episode of parking pataweyo???
half of the categories on the nevvies are irrelevant to me because i dont play minecraft lol
crap I think I forgot to put my name on mine lol
Chris Tennant
skibidi
you need to give the child a gimpy perm if it doesn’t naturally have one
has clarkson been shagging a sheep on the farm?
kill it as soon as it becomes an adult
someone with the points needs to kill madge for that
@tashathetwat Fred West
of course ethan has worms, he's a dirty scruff
you missed the fortnite event yesterday you spoon
max verstappen's
look into my eyes and tell me how much you love me - his catchphrase
have you seen the topless picture of windridge?
mandy iphone
simon always streams at like 3pm anyway
unlikely because he always streams at 2pm
gregg wallace will be added once mmy points build back up
keeley's aaron hunt
papas pizzeria yet?
ian moore's black hole reference?
serious about sausage rolls
read it all on stream
yes when they're the top gifter
can i make my miis on the sims????
as a neutral party can i pick a mii for people to make
i'm not ready because i'm not playing
downloaded a qr code off google thats why
im not even playing lol
@AnastasiaBvrhausen did mr tumble show you his spotty crack?
shrink tumble a bit
that looks like you
no need for a vote
spoiling my ballot
fucking hell can they both lose
cant vote for either of those
hundreds
that second one is gonna get battered but its better than half the shit that's got through
put pom down!!!
shame it looks more like noddy than mr tumble though
noddy was the goat
why is mr tumble having a cry
can we boot both of them out
cyan's is the female mr tumble
jeremy clarkson looking aah
maybe it isnt bots and its just because you fucking submitted a shitty dog for mr tumble
have you seen the luke bennett banana incident?
go on bennett's insta and you'll see  it
the top one looks too plasticy
put on jingle boom now
just let fivoo play because charlie needs an opponent
this will separate the men from the boys
carl the wombat is a nobhead
is the lunchly queso cheese one of the miis left to make?
3 way final
brum hit the second tower
enough time left on the clock for a parking pataweyo episode?
brum puts luke bennett's bananas in his exhaust
na its because he brums into the side of buildings
should've been mazuma mobile
