Moshi monsters
Ok club penguin rewritten
@cocokofu blasphemy.
YOU NEVER PLAYED BIN WEEVILS?
Jamie you dirty dog
I thought you were about to say Wallace and gromit play then
Thank you nevo I'm a bit of a gigglemonkey as they say
Oh stop it you guys yes you can have my PayPal don't worry
I take tips
OH MY HOW LOVELY! I get to watch nevo without any ads!
@anastasiabvrhausen don't diss talent some people don't need sheet music
Nevo I'm dancing to your beautiful music around my room right now
BLESS YOUR COTTON SOCKS!
Nevo you can't just say list you cheeky mare
Oh wow that's quite beautiful actually
@anastasiabvrhausen he's not disagreeing is her
I had baked potatoes #unilife
@jamieec Butter and cheese coz my student loan is getting low...
Absolutely no beans you foul creature
NO ON MY BAKED POTATO NEVI
I HAD IT ON A BAKED POTATO NEVO
BUTTER AND CHEESE YOU ABSOLUTE SILLY SAUSAGE
@ttvbest_fortnite_player oh I gigglemonkey'd
Nevo that's grim
I spend most my money on Lidl brand Malibu 🙏
@nintendogsforswitch idk... Are we about to kiss rn...
Hello
I've just joined this godforsaken community and I've already got involved in a love triangle
Who wants to cosplay Wallace and gromit committing vehicular manslaughter
Thank you nevo
Serious inquiries only guys
Do you guys call on the discord sometimes
Are the film nights just watching your vods
I need to drink some Christmas spirits #BringOutTheBrandy
Let the boy indulge in some winter fun nevo
Getting your money's worth from the jumper
It's giving I'm building my rose toy""
Santa elves and Pitbull would be an amazing collab
Oh that's cheeky
Nevo is love AND war
@jamieec and they call you the dirty pervert
@anastasiabvrhausen we love an ally!
Right
Is this brokeback mountain
Nevo is my favourite ai png artist
WHY ARE THEY SO SPEEDY WITH GIVING GIFTS
I'd love to be a nevo lore character
@tashathetwat you disgusting pervert..........
@tashathetwat sorry am a little bit of a cheeky mare me x
Nevo you went to university and this is difficult?
I've bought it out of necessity
@jamieec no April fools I lied
Nevo I've seen your tiktok and that's why I'm here. Can you make Feather's McGraw in your mii world
Nevo stop digging for gold and blow your nose you silly goose
How much is the AstroTurf?
@nintendogsforswitch yeah me mate I've got a beer in one hand and an AstroTurf sample in the other
Can you do a gromit impression
Omg ray is a me reference
Crony
Nevo can you go 0% fluffy hair and shave it all off
Proper Wallace cosplay
@ryanavfcc hello
She's got a Nara smith bob
Right I'm going to bed it was lovely meeting you all
Oh I will come back I will
BYE GUYS X
The manually blinking thing was horrible nevo I'm reporting you to ofcom
Nevo you look like you have ligma js
Oh I heard a Minecraft noise
FIRST EVER STREAM HERE FOR THE FRIST EVER STREAM
Thank you for the special welcome nevo
I want to join but I can't join until LATER
George is your name true or are you a pretty little liar
Oh wait happy birthday nevo
This is riveting thank you nevo
I'm so angry I'm not here for this
Someone put a sign with my name down as a remembrance of me
Thank you nevo
A rabbit a blooming rabbit great
YES PLEASE NEVO
4
Get me bloody whitelisted NOW reyhanaa
Cheers pal
Trademark them please nevo
Hello rizzo
Hello I've written 15 words for my assignment how is it going
Oh gosh I'm so excited
HELLO HELLO HELLO!
OH SO GINGER!
@rizzo04 I giggled
@lyraawr Lyra I voted you
@lyraawr it's ok you can give me a kiss as a thank you don't you worry
@lyraawr mods.
WELL DONE!
CONGRATULATIONS AVE
I'm actually welsh
GET INNNN
Hess topped
POO STRAAM
Timoooo
WOAH
Hello all it's me
Nevo1st more like nevoLAST GET ON WITH IT
@nintendogsforswitch hello my sweet cherub!
This is official merchendaise
NEVO ARE YOU KIDDING
Hello I'm back what's happening
@nintendogsforswitch can I see your launcher please and thank you
Nevo
@nintendogsforswitch thank you *giggles with Christmas cheer!*
Nevo can you do a jacobox stream again mayeb
Nevo please can you jack a box at the end of strema
I'm fresh meat nevo I have so much comedy
@nintendogsforswitch too right I am a gigglemonkey!
Yes
Wait no it's modern architecture it's brutalist
Minecraft is for anyone with creativity" "do they have to be creative" MIXED MESSAGES"
Have you got a cluedo
I NEED to see b
Right I got cut off
Yes
Beautiful mug
Wow how beautiful
!nevo feet pics
Isn't working mate
Yes
Oh what a Christmas miracle!
What the heck is the title of this dream you cheeky minx!
That tiktok got on my fyp you're good
OH YOU DO
OH MY GOODNESS YOU DO
Hello
You have to hit the dab nevo quickly!
It boosted my moral so it at least helped me
You're making me ANGRY
@jamieec they gave me an estimated brain age of 69 and i didn't know whether the feel offended or happy
@best_lesbian better to be pissed in school than pissed on school heh
I'm the favourite gigglemonkey thougj
YOU'RE NOT SHADOWBANNED NEVO YOY WERE ON MY FYP
Post the sexy minion you'll get loads of likes then
Who has this many potted plants in a garden? Just use the grass?
@anastasiabvrhausen bourgeoise over here...
I had pea dough for dinner actually
@guynamedpipe3 he's at Butlins atm
@paulmccartneyy_ what a beautiful name!
@anastasiabvrhausen you'd look like Michelle visage I feel like
@anastasiabvrhausen I've been here like 4 days mate SOZ X
@anastasiabvrhausen I'm gigglemonkeying rn heh
@paulmccartneyy_ you tell em
Can we cosplay as the chase chasers please
Nevo make a tiktok house like those gimps did in lockdown
Hello all
@sneele_ hello
When I was in high school I had to learn the Wallace and gromit tune I'm not even kidding
OH HOW FESTIVE!
Nevo please cosplay fallgguu
That gromit has a growth on it's forehead mate
@heyitsexp takes one to know one...
@aydexe that's his home don't be rude
Put the gromit DOWN
No just sneele echo
YES!
IT'S ALL GOOD
Out of focus mate
nevo1sDirtier
Snoop 💀
Hello all
Omg I love this song
can't wait to do his feet" you dirty dog"
The bitch boys
The beach boys have got to be one of my favs
@bill_schitt oh you cheeky minx
Can you build a fall guy from Lego please
I fucking hate ladbaby
@smellysoggysock I'm about to FLIP OUT!
Why's it got claws
Decapitated Dobby, thank you
Only 15 people? That's not a lot of people
Oh they cone in woke paper packaging now
Wallace in the wrong trousers more like nevo in the wrong socks... Heh...
Show me your Costa rewards as age identity NOW
Who's pissing sausage rolls
Black
The man's eyes tick me off
This is actual torture
Mate don't turn it up please
I wish I couldn't
Filthy pervert first it was gromit now it's dobby
Don't get too excited nevo
No
You div it's the other foot
You've fucked it now
Can you paint the toe nails please
That was a wonderful description
Are cybertrucks lactose intolerant
@sofiyeg me neither sofiye me neither
Don't diss fiesta salsa please
@anastasiabvrhausen I love raini Rodriguez
Oh I'm also Welsh oh my goodness
You look and sound like Shrek now
Sorry pranked you
New years prank
@smellysoggysock north, the best obvs
@smellysoggysock sym, what's your county mate I'll get tfw down to you
@smellysoggysock I'll 'ave yer
@necrozmatic_ felt sick to my stomach and fell to the floor
@smellysoggysock Rydych chi'n gimp iawn
@bill_schitt thank you, am getting a roast dinner tomorrow so all is ok and good in the world
@smellysoggysock yn fi marn I, dwi'n anghytuno.
@paulmccartneyy_ did Paul McCartney actually sing this
@paulmccartneyy_ wow, wings has gone downhill
@smellysoggysock yeah siwr uggo
6AM??
@paulmccartneyy_ he misreads chat messages so much it makes me giggle
Can you stream doing the autism test again please
@sofiyeg EXACTLY!
Did you maybe misread the autism questions and that's why you got it wrong?
Dogs absolutely reek
I got an A in English GCSE and I have dyslexia FREAK
@anastasiabvrhausen I mean he's chosen Lego because it has no words for a reason...
Nevo is actually Lea Michelle I'm convinced
Yes you do
@paulmccartneyy_ then maybe they're a friend after all
Yes
Oh
Oh you can't make this up
Natural comedian
That made me laugh so much
