hello nevo and chat :3
it looks worse in that pic somehow
yeah but fictional ones so its fine
Jesus
what is he saying?
gottem
1 follower closer to fortnite!!
1
cut it out
stop pls
didn't need to repeat it though did you?
everyone has a price
give her the bavarian outfit
she looks like she'd call me slurs
his style is quite good
no his chin isn't that pointy
unfollowing if that happens
@ThetaSigma01 niv
@ThetaSigma01 nivbarua on tiktok
@AnastasiaBvrhausen what's happening this time?
won't even ask if you had a nice day today..""
please don't scream again
we do like pom
1
don't know why i watch this
the cyanide in the seeds
i hate these sounds
i think the termite impression is a better party trick
sounds psychopathic
@3vilmcevil he somehow manages to always read the disgusting ones though
she actually has quite a nice voice
no way
a pope = jewish conspiracy theorist
@JamieEC has he ever shown proof
or is it just a claim
because you promised??
hi nevo!
and hi chat :3
@best_lesbian only acceptable course of action
the silent hill 2 ripoff?
it doesn't look that scary yet
i vaguely remember it
you keep saying that but it still hasn't gotten scary
most also start scary
oooh how scary
@AnastasiaBvrhausen discord but good
5'4''
@bismuth_1640 how tall are you?
@bismuth_1640 very respectable height
1
12
terrifying this
i just feel at ease tbh
how is this scary?
it's a happy song?
it reminds of the fair back when i was a kid
ahhhhh (in a scared and chalant way because this is a scary game apparently)
what do the cookies do?
oh nvm
@bigfatfattyfatso they can but it's not good for them
don't call yourself the rizz king
they look like the dragons from spyro
you just asked to be updated on how it goes for bigfattyfatso though?
@AnastasiaBvrhausen genuinely the worst feature in games
good one luxembourg
this music in the backgorund is the only thing making it scary at the moment
good job mate
is that why you call yourself the rizz king?
i already sang you a song earlier
is the scary thing one of your impressions again?
tigger probably has a right chopper on him
@ThetaSigma01 he definitely is
i've seen the fanart
inflation :(
boxer briefs graced with his majestic face though
wort the 35 quid i'd say\
do a captain underpants bit with his boxers
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to fishpie34! They have given 4 Gift Subs in the channel! 
@paulmccartneyy_ gift him a sub and immediately started bragging and showing off
nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing
@JamieEC yea don't bother, his ego is big enough as is
so is that a yes or a no/
now i want you to guess mine as well
i can reccomend it
least favourite is: nevo1sDirtier nevo1sDirtier nevo1sDirtier
favourite is: nevo1sSerious nevo1sSerious nevo1sSerious
congrats with the 800 nevo!
yippie!!!
edge stream RIGHT NOW!
you're so bad nevo
don't do that
did not need or want to see that
@ThetaSigma01 great minds think alike
@paulmccartneyy_ that's a hard ask
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to kerloud! They have given 5 Gift Subs in the channel! 
just so you remember nevo
Sofiye Edgy??
@UjuziCC just need him to show off his cleavage and start wearing gym tights
impressions really aren't your thing
if is somehow won an nevvy and saw that ian moore was presenting it i'd end it
and one fot the most chalant chatter with the least aura
sutff like the channel islands
bring the mic
i just pissedthe bed so me
don't sound too excited
smegxcellent
nevo please show us your bank details again
i like how locked in he is
@bill_schitt the nevo special
what a nice blue ball
he's a big boy streamer now
a hook tuah perhaps?
@bigfatfattyfatso that's vile
callum's corner would have already completed the game by now
troglodyte
at least you tried your best!
he's learning
he asked for your muscles lad
proof?
@Rizzo04 i wouldn't be found dead at a butlins
bless you
no she did
got mugged in Hull again?
new technology is getting out of hand, i can't keep up with this shite
what do you mean you can call your wallet?
this is like magic
bit strange mate
detailed analysis
zooming in on the tit and all
bahahaha
where nevo :(
@best_lesbian missing a person who wasn't even moving
idiot
that's not better nevo
see i wanted to promise some gifteds if you manage to win, but i have a feeling that isn't going to happen today
@AnastasiaBvrhausen let's be honest it's just nevo, dragging the hole team down
i love jamie <3 <3 <3
since when does fortnite have fishing?
he's trying his best guys, just give him some time
i wish i could actually bet gorgonzolas
i would be so rich
@nintendogsforswitch the people are begging for it
for fucksa sake
@UjuziCC nevo can't be stopped with the slurs
this fortnite thing is very interesting
what does the black mean
this isn't allowed
where has the democracy gone in this stream
i genuinely feel brainrot is more comprehensible than this game
charlie is gone then
@sneele_ don't think anyone was going to vote for you
that scream has been noted charlie
don't talk for me ic3mini
well i'm leaving in that case
the guy from the call me maybe music video
wait fortnite has chapters?
good one nevo
@luxembourgz99 charlie
charlie really wants to get voted
@conradwba never too early for a christmas tree
do i need to be worried?
@sneele_ who is the rizzler again, it rings a bell but i can't remember
@alex_turner_official a little game called fortnite
@AnastasiaBvrhausen not to worry, they'll lose this one as well
get charlie gone
how does one obtain a v buck
@best_lesbian i genuinely think there is a higher chance of you marrying her than nevo getting a win
tubbo is a big nevling
stop it nevo
@alex_turner_official they should add you
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 no a bit ago he basically asked the same but just with shaq instead of muhammed ali
beunal has been a great addition to chat
@alex_turner_official neville will also not win next time
sure, i'm a nevo believer
hello nevlings :3
and hi nevo
did you piss on it?
i'll do it in a bit
buying the nevvy election (w though thetasigma)
SofiyeG is gifting 5 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 10 in the channel! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to e___04! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to alex_turner_official! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to gilbyp1! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to superbearalf! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to will666flash12! 
can't let thetasigma get away with stealing the nevvys
i know nothing nevo
i'm here for the explanation
probably not great to feel just like dream
happy to not have clicked on it now
is the acting on the dreamsmp better than on the stampylongcock vids, because i can't imagine that being the case
do we have abiggest neek nevvy
i may want to nomainate sneele
@ThetaSigma01 i'll join you
please nevo
we ant a bathbomb stream
true nevling behaviour
you seem to actually know quite a lot nevo
are you sure you weren't a secret mega fan
didn't invite me :(
oh no i didn't mean you nevo, i meant theta. but my mc name is also SofiyeG i think
next nevnation we will make a big tesco
nvm i don't want to play in nevnation 4 anymore
not if you're rp'ing as wilbur
jokes are supposed to be funny :3
the sever is brainrotting you by the minute
yap yap yap
this is crazy
who thought of this
oh i know that name
that's one of the first names i don't recognise from headlines talking about X being a nonce or something
do an asmr stream where you just read out dreamsmp wiki pages
i like how you felt the need to repeat that @ThetaSigma01
is their a nevvy for the funniest nevling because i think we should nominate anastasia if so
meow
the best acting yet
1
give us a meow nevo
it was appreciated nevo
really looking forward to it
can't believe nevo agreed to it, a true surprise
biggest prankster nevvy to go to anastasia
no need to be pulling people off
sweats are ruining the game
this was a great idea
this'll be great
bless you rizzo
yea but nothing on that warning say it isn't made for children
wtf is this shit
can we go on to the next bit of the stream pls nevo
arguably as bad" is crazy"
he is subbed, so
thank God
please shut it off
make me :3
she's the chip-shop girl
i can send a picrew
i'll just send picrew in the face-reveal channel
mr blobby is a legend
@boommer69 look them up
super creamy
is pataweyo still here
or did he also die in the rumble
oh yea
now i remember
shamelessly plugging his music again
is it on spotify yet?
such enthusiasm while singing
you also still need to make me
i really like the xl bully
you really did well on it
how cute
i never interacted with harry potter as a kid
hated it
that would be amazing
30 July 2003
just put Gerard or something as my last name, it isn't my actual one so it's not doxing
a bit slow, quite caring, quite varied, light, and somewhat unique
purple
ffs
didn't even let me answer
tricked you :3
you've actually done an fantastic job
the hair colour is good as is btw
i'm not actually ginger evenn though people keep saying i am for some reason
oh i don't know
the smiling is quite offputing
actually maybe don't get a better cam, don't need to see that in UHD
@bigfatfattyfatso should probably see the doctors
she's actually really sweet
sad she can't cook though
she definitely has
@ThetaSigma01 her son
he does the camera work
i've dissected brains that looked more appetising
yes please do a cooking stream
@boommer69 some of them aren't as bad
it wouldn't poison you at least
you can already see the face emerging tbh
kay meatball
it's actually really good
you've done well on these mii creations today
@bill_schitt she really doesn't
@JamieEC wait he does vlogs
i'll have to check them out
these aren't bad actually
we'd all watch nevo
i like how e gift him subs and he just goes oh i'm so rich...""
@bill_schitt can't believe it, you should be treated better smh
yea i like the idea
@paulmccartneyy_ also a good idea
bless you nevo
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to aydexe! They have given 11 Gift Subs in the channel! 
@aydexe you made a great addition to the stream
beautiful performance
this is what i tuned in for
@paulmccartneyy_ no gifts for 15 minutes and immediately threatening to eand it
oh i've got it
nevermind
i'm also an idiot
@boommer69 you're really close boommer69!
thank you for the fun stream
please don't
tell me when i can open my eyes again
is he done yet?
bye nevo!
bye nevlings :3
'ello nevlings
and hello nevo
it's a children's game lad, can't be that hard
@Rizzo04 penny scraping.... he's swimming in them
i'll also contribute some subs if you do it
@JamieEC chat i can't do this
omg i can finally bet my gorgonzolas
no longer in 1984 netherlands
were you better as a kid?
remember he said i can do this" before the fight btw"
remember hoe he couldn't even get past moving a pumpkin
@ttvbest_fortnite_player best_lesbian's history teacher clearly
that sounds fun
@JamieEC can we get something that doesn't immediately alienate everyone else around us
no-one said tha
FAKE
@nintendogsforswitch nevvy for the worst address but to participate it has to be your address
well get it then nevo
not that hard
at least 2 minutes btw
@nintendogsforswitch it's hard with nevo controlling you
@best_lesbian i'll have one
why do you always have to bring up pissing
why do you put on such an annoying voice when reading out certain chatters' messages
pls do a scouse accent nevo
we all want to hear it
at least you tried!
@nintendogsforswitch it's not just today
i've been playing christams music since august so it's definitely fine
i've got goosebumps
i actually really like this
i genuinely do like it
why did you read that??
@best_lesbian i can't imagine that will improve them next time you try them
it's a game made
it's not real
@folklohre is it the one where piglet has to be traumatised all the time because i just got that one
@folklohre we were all doing research so we could better make fun of nevo
watch him fail the next fight now
good one nevo
has pooh considered running?
@Rizzo04 very proud, very happy you did
i think they are quite hot
yea we are only ever encouraging to you
sorry but the woozles are fit
@JamieEC you see the vision
you look like you're ginger though
when you get that close it no longer looks ginger
so its the lighting definitely
YIPPIE :3
freak
i wish it was snowing here yet, the christmas markets would definitely look better
we can tell
we had two boys in our class who kept stabbing each other in the arms with pairs of compasses
tbf i'd try it
i'm feeling good
why would you say that?
???
definite improvement to the stream
@xlbullyofnevo they existed in the netherlands when i was studying there
ew
so bad
it's going to a hundred again probably
no you're not nevo, be honest now
bit weird
bit that's why they are funny
time to quit?
the fact even people who bet on you succeeding are asking you to give up says enough
WRONG
@kangaroo_82 a game he will soon give up on
@ZYNXOH 120
it's not looking good for the believers
YES
hilarious
actually quite like the game, just don't want to lose my gorgonzolas
@luxembourgz99 i've heard she'speedruns it too, supposedly quite good as well
:(
no
i get so tired from chat sometimes, can't even imagine being nevo
getting slandered by a telegraph journalist is crazy
piglet fucking died
i can't imagine you'd be good at it
tnh i respect anyone who can actually play games like dark souls
i'm proper shite at them
whoever queued this music is a genius
the music this stream has been great
rabbits can be gay?
when you round it's 60%
again nevo
we are really not nevo
sooo bad
kid's game btw
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 he never considers us
i love the song but this gameplay isn't it
genuine goosebumps from this song
i hear hasan is lurking right now
nevo crash out
what about the pumpkin? that was hard for you as well
yea i had to nominate theta with some of those questionable contributions
stop deluding yourself
just accept that you won't be able to finish it today
you chased around three little round things in this room
it's pissing it down here
stop talking
ew
i feel like we've been hearing that we are nearing the end" for two hours now"
jesus
@folklohre i can't believe he keeps doing this
is that it
it was a very fun stream
this is just mean nevo, telling one of your hostages that he can just leave at any time""
we'll never say no to more among us christmas
these songs have been the highlight of the stream for me
so moving
new falls guy map!!!
i'm adding the whole album to the christmas playlist
@ttvbest_fortnite_player it's actually so catchy
how anticlimactic
goodnight nevo
goodnight chat :3
what a young talent
what is this horrid sound
it's back
bye rizzo, your life on the island wasn't long nor was it appreciated it seems
LMAO
why did they call it that?
no it's not!!!
@UjuziCC FAKE NEWS
nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS
blurry cam bestie
closing my eyes
tell me when it's over
super accurate
the chat has broken out into civil war
making that rule after offing rizzo is hilarious
i accidentally looked at stream and felt myself getting sick straight away
i already want to spend 12k gorgonzolas but i also don't want to be mean
@brodzster11 multiple roast dinners more like
he looks repulsive, a perfect recreation of the pic
mr mii has done it again
@UjuziCC i've already said i won't kill him, so i hope he won't either
doxxed
RIGHT, you're on the list. you'll be getting a skibidi THRASHING
well now i'm not going to call you mr mii
@JamieEC i think to even come up with the character you'd have to be at least a bit mental
i would watch
why would you just believe rizzo
@bigfatfattyfatso win guaranteed
bless you x2
@best_lesbian you have the worst luck i swear
he's enthusiastic about that one
bye avon
i like the hesitation for bigfattyfatso
!discord
@JamieEC it is i think
looks like an acorn
1 day usually
^
@ThetaSigma01 i don't think comments like these are helping with the age expectancy of the mii
putting in all this effort for a mii that won't last the week
ME ME ME
no they lost in the rumble
!play
!breakthegalssceiling
!womensrights
!womensrights
i'm the best
women's rights truly worked
can i nominate someone else for an idea
wasn't prepeared for this
chat whoever has the best mii idea i'll pick
@Rizzo04 i'm somewhat tempted just to see you get killed straight away
yea that's a good idea, do best_lesbian's history teacher. he can be a villain on the island
surely i'm invited
we can hear you
personality of stale bread
maybe don't use the actual name
hello gheezy
probably for the better he doesn't look exactly like him
@bill_schitt sadly way too many chatters have called him that this stream
yea he looks he could just switch and out of nowhere steal you nevo pin or something
oh no
@bigfatfattyfatso i knew i should have spent the 12k after you asked for it
no they don't
towards the end of stream even believers were begging you to stop playing
no it gets better the more you play because it gets more stressful
1984
refunding my sub
this just feels unsettling without music
did he fall into the toilet?
i'm betting that you won't even finish this today
!sr run away with me
the among us christmas album is the only redeemable part of the piglet streams
currywurst
@best_lesbian maybe you can convince nevo to cosplay her
@paulmccartneyy_ 3 but one is on the way out
nevling scared of women, colour me surprised
for me it would work
so fair enough
no it's fine <3
you should be good at it considering it's a kid's game
no i have not seen squid game so i don't know what you're on about
2nd place
i'll take that
@best_lesbian i'll have a gander
@best_lesbian will be patiently waiting for it
kid's game
@ThetaSigma01 ask for a refund on the gifteds as well
a triangle
@ic3mini does severity of swear words matter
no-one believes it nevo don't worry
don't laugh at that
@ic3mini but what if it's true??
@ic3mini can i be mod ic3mini?
can we not pls
i want it gone as quick as possible
if he wasn't so fat he could just squeeze through
@best_lesbian he could if he wasn't such a lazy cunt
you could pull off his look though
ew
so all of this wasn't even for the speed run?
you haven't improved though?
winnie the paul
so bad
just walk around them
we have a saying in my language a donkey doesn't stub itself on the same stone thrice" (nevo has retried the same bit with the exact same strategy more than three times atp)"
this is the most entertaining bit yet
BAHAHAHA
no you walked into them, he walked past them
so easy
scaring off the new nevlings :(
@Rizzo04 if that would make you unc, what does that make me, nan?
@HulkShart what brand?
ew
@HulkShart only starting to doubt that now??
you chose to play it, we have no choice
you do you man!
@ThetaSigma01 he would sound really sarcastic when thanking you though
how is that a bad sign?
i'm also having 2 but i'll just submit the best one
you're so bad at these catching minigames
should have put up a prediction at the start of stream again whether you would finish today
would have made so many gorgonzolas again
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to Gheezy_7! They have given 12 Gift Subs in the channel! 
can't have these poor nevlings having to sit through ads
so proud of you
@JamieEC i think he could pass for a belgian
@JamieEC no we aren't, even in the southern part of the netherlands they are more normal sized
@JamieEC german
@SofiyeG as in the german speaking part, not that i'm german
@JamieEC oh yea no definitely, my german ins't even that good because i went to an international school and my parents spoke to me in the regional language
yea just get it over with
this would never go wrong :)
meow
i agree @AnastasiaBvrhausen
byee nevo
bye nevlings :3
hello nevo
hello nevlings :3
hello harv
a cheeky curry
it looks fantastic
i'm so excited for it
truly excited to see you play this, i hope you're good because it's always so enjoyable to watch good players
1 direction type wattpad story
it's good
!sr keppler-22b by king gizzard and the lizard wizard
thought you were a peruvian oil baron?
don't you have more than enough
!sr merry christmas, please don't call by bleachers
haha look at this numpty already FAILING
i tried and failed so i just watched my friend play
not even you'd be so bad
@Tashathetwat keep us opdated
maybe but they should be very vague teases
@Tashathetwat :(
did not need to know that information
this is disgusting
no it is better with you being good
changes things up for once
well done rizzo
i'd make you a painting
looking forward to it
sooo bad
you can do it nevo!
next time you'll do it
you were very close nevo!
markoszey is carrying you
but good job nevo, i knew you could do it
i decided i wanted be a pit more positive today
creamy alex turner!
!sr fluorescent adolescent by arctic monkeys
wait who's Pery?
oh
sorry
move out the doorway then?
hello lyraawr
@nintendogsforswitch nevo being actually quite good
!sr venus fly trap by marina
one would bite you
so easy choice
good job nevo! i really enjoy watching a competent playthrough for once
that's just rank
@sneele_ :)
@Tashathetwat asking the real questions
@AnastasiaBvrhausen he can always be educated
@realKDY20 yea that was one of the juno poses
will fortnite fridays be a regular thing?
i'm shit at the game so i'll just stay in chat
nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS
i like chat immediately criticising nevo
that's too far nevo
don't suck up to him
you should sneele
you were very good
what is this song?
i like how you just have markoszey going crazy because you keep going the wrong way
you've got markoszey speaking in tongues now, well done mate
horrible song
finally some good music!
good job nevo!
i knew you could do it
never doubted you
LMAO
!sr come whatever, come what may by my marianne
@Nightbot not what i asked for nightbot :(
@lyraawr nevo's nightmare
@ttvbest_fortnite_player *wrong buzzer noise*
???
@nintendogsforswitch i don't think that's enough
please stop
LMAO
i can't follow what is happening in this game but it looks you're doing well nevo
good job
@nintendogsforswitch i decided nevo could do with some positivity
nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune
neptune ned is your #1 fan but he isn't your favourite nevling, i can't believe this
SUPER DUPER PROUD NEVO!!!
for us for having to sit through this
i hate how your character keeps moaning into my ears when getting hit
@bill_schitt you and deji should get a room methinks
i gave up before i even got to the first boss so you're already way better
keep going!
simple salt and vinegar
@realKDY20 there was a political party in italy that wanted that too if remember correctly
@lyraawr what's wrong with prawn cocktail
they're great
you'l do this nevo
@nintendogsforswitch i have been believing since the start?!
MARDY BUM!!!
@nintendogsforswitch oh yea i did vote yes, i'm just in a non-gambling region again
yes it is
we all believe nevo!
of course you do rizzo
hopefully no-one in here is thinking about torturing you
if i could i would've put all my points on yes
stop lying lad
!sr polygondwanaland by king gizzard and the lizard wizard
@Tashathetwat i'm surprised he is still going
bill_schitt <3 Deji
i'm a bliever
believer from the start
where is marko when you need them
@UjuziCC i can't even gamble on this but i would have lost all my gorgonzolas at this point
them flying seems a bit unfair
@Tashathetwat that doesn't sound good
didn't know gargoyle tail axe was so horrifying
i hate the way he moans
this'll be the one!
there was a speedrun happening?
i hate that charlie is just getting points
@UjuziCC exactly, true believers don't falter
believers are standing strong
@ttvbest_fortnite_player no trust the plan
he will do it
2222
i'm feeling good about this run
that was just unfair
NO
we want globle
i have to go now nevo but trust me i'm still a believer
bye chat :3
hello nevo!
hello chat :3 :3
can we time out this guy mods
big surprise waiting for you if you somehow manage to get a victory royale (if that's what it's called) :3
SofiyeG is gifting 5 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 17 in the channel! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to jolly_14! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to pasta_sauce4! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to finnbop208! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to CherryOasis! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to dysfynntion! 
stole my nan's credit card for this
can't believe how much he has changed
aren't you a fortnite streamer?
heard you were a retired pro
tbf skibidi has a nice mouthfeel
did someone just meow?
hi rizzo
i'm always a believer
touching mic tips
SofiyeG is gifting 10 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 27 in the channel! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to farmos_01! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to lewis9998! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to the_peoples_bully! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to HoldingAsh3491a85! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to werkajerk! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to genesis87372! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to RedAlpha99! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to wigwad3! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to louieolli! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to rfvhik1! 
i said you would get a surpsire after a vic royale
you did win faster than i though you would
take a berocca
don't need to hear you sing
i worked a wedding today so i got quite a bit of tips
LMAO
bigmanting
@bill_schitt twitch just hates you
nevpreg stream when??
pardon?
always a believer
@AnastasiaBvrhausen isn't that business as usual with nevo?
nevo was the weak link
shite griddy
ic3mini is carrying this squad
LMAO
you lot are horrible :(
please never do that again nevo
how was your indian?
how is the car driving in the lake?
i don't understand this game
boomer69 speaking in tongues
always a believer, especially with ic3mini in the squad
nevo threw
why can't vote for nevo?
the person voting for ic3mini is crazy
should have been charlie :(
i don't, i also can't play rn anyway
might join next fortnite friday
@luxembourgz99 we believe in you luxembourg <3
if i could gamble i would have put 15k on yes
if he does he is getting kicked right away
please learn how to actually griddy
LMFAO
@bigfatfattyfatso especially toadstools!
i think it got skipped immediately
nevo throwing again
game ruining ic3mini
asparagus
ringing him up rn
victim blaming..
star fruit
luxembourg is goated
bro does not know how a bow works
if anyone can do it it's luxembourgz
we can hear it
PLS SAY SKIBIDI ETHAN
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to smokedoublechee1! They have given 28 Gift Subs in the channel! 
no i was on the leaderboard before this stream
you could?
no it works
toilet
@paulmccartneyy_ :O
rizzo already annoying the new chatter
@ttvbest_fortnite_player this is why we he should be on the kick poll too
noelzyv don't listen to him, he's just being humble
he's a retired pro
at least cex was there for him
LMFAO
left for 2 mins and suddenly we're talking about soggy biscuits
what's going on>
mate i can't gamble points here, but if i could i would
NEVO THROW AGAIN
we all heard it nevo
i'm disgusted
he listens quite well
got told to bark once and immediately barked
ominous
ew
can i refund the gifteds?
i feel 2nd hand embarrassment rizzo
missing every shot
nvm
if anyone can it's ic3mini
it's always your fault
@Bigmanting1337_ i don't even want to be reminded about that
you look like your being puppeteered by someone else
we have faith in this squad
tomato tom
@folklohre i always just thought tig was the UK name and tag the US
peer pressured into being robbed
ring him up and ask him to say skibidi
just ruined my shed nevo mate, you'll be hearing from my lawyers
welcome back rizzo
nothing silly about bananas
@brodzster11 night brodzster
he's greedy like that
elitist
tough watch
tomato tom needs to get gone
finally some proper representation
don't lie nevo
BAHAHAHA
LMAO
not to worry lads he is just kidding around
well done tomato tom
@luxembourgz99 no way he was eligible to vote
Cati ani ai Nikita?
@nikita1111111122222 ????
@luxembourgz99 nah nikita said he was a chill guy
can't be an opp
@nintendogsforswitch that's quite well for a nevling
@Rizzo04 and all that while being a chill guy
luxembourg because their lion is cool
LMAO
yea he's in
he's sent me a friend rq on discord
he keeps trying lmao
hi hulkshart
wait since when am i a vip?
I'M PISSING MYSELF
another nikita has hit the stream
@Rizzo04 he keeps forgetting
bye nintendogs :3
don't say that
hi ryan
nevo bullying viewers again
@Rizzo04 heartbreaking to see
he called you it again
unbelievable lmao
he's really going for the 14 accounts
@folklohre the one before was even worse
that's so nasty ic3mini
ruddyplumbus carried
bye nevo
that was good nevo :3
yes minecraft!
goodnight chat :3
hi nevo
hi chat :3
banging music
tomato tom up first
are there any funny nevlings??
@ThetaSigma01 the naughty kind of dreams
hi sneele
did not need to see that again
LMAO
@bill_schitt you can hear his hatred of rizzo seeping through
already regret joining the stream
couldn't even survive a single day
@AnastasiaBvrhausen of course he did
the classic speedrun strat, build a house
it is more than fair to expect some luxury in your house
can't fault bill shit
ew..
please stop nevo
52 no?
roleplaying in a speedrun is nuts
@Tashathetwat what is the right way of taking this information?
major ick
i like how you lot are just making a nice homestead instead of trying to reach the enderdragon
BAHAHAHA
hard watch nevo
can't believe i'm going to lose my gorgonzolas to this
2 block high water bucket clutch
nearly suffocating in gravel on a speedrun
nevo already ruining the chances
i think its enderddragon@hotmail . co. uk
@boommer69 a bit optimistic i think
@n_Four4 not a bug, it's a feature i heard from mojang
hilarious joke nevo
nearly an hour into the stream and still no closer to killing the enderdragon
@ttvbest_fortnite_player they have a farm though!!
sometimes?
you're never going to beat the enderdragon are you?
i think my 6 year old niece is better at this than you lad
@UjuziCC whoever plays with him will just have to lock him in and kill the enderdagon by themselves if they want any chance of succeeding
the best foreigner award still sounds a bit dodgy
don't know if i even want to win it
building a nice homestead and starting a cozy farm in minecraft any % speedrun
still on stone tools, i have a bad feeling about my gorgonzolas
you're far from mint at minecraft
i don't think you have to worry about that happening
@n_Four4 that's generous
@paulmccartneyy_ i think i might guffaw when it happens :3
@paulmccartneyy_ at least he has one good thing then
you wasted a bunch of time roleplaying as wilbur
@AnastasiaBvrhausen normally i might doubt you but this is just extremely believable
he's back
@Tashathetwat they joined yesterday and suddenly just called nevo mai gay ugly guy" and then a after that a nonce"
please change your skin
i don't want the rp
shaking in anticipation
can't wait for you to get to the nether and die instantly
who mentioned skimpy??
i'm calm" through clenched teeth"
i don't know if i can watch this
you're speedrunning skills" are probably what is wrong"
@n_Four4 the speedrun tech being wilbur soot roleplay
@JamieEC i honestly don't recognise the game anymore
there's so many"only 2 lad"
sneele should make a flower garden at the house
sneele is somehow still the most productive member of the team
they get jealous now when they see you wearing gold
anastasia has been in the chat the whole time??
you're just ignoring them
a server is a bad idea because you'll just get targeted straight away
tomato tom
so bad
i'm coming nevo
will the next speedrun also involve building a cozy house and farm?
we all saw you do it nevo??
you are genuinely seeing things now nevo
48 minutes is optimistic
we're going to be faster this time" into "i'm going to make a house""
what a speedrun strat
i believe!
not really in nevo
i trust conan though
cringing at this
please stop
it's horrid
anastasia is so funny
@bill_schitt it was nice of you to let nevo play too
@bill_schitt you made his day i think, you could tell he was really happy to be given a chance
you venture out at night and are surprised to find mobs?
only people with friend are allowed to play
can we get sneele and tomato tom back yet?
@bill_schitt he also wandered outside at night and got annoyed there were mobs about
anastasia is actually being useful
nevo you've just been walking past lava pools
nevo's fault again
conan and anastasia could have beat the enderdragon if they weren't saddled up with nevo
poor jamie just got done over
didn't jamie manage the beatles for a bit?
finally someone calling him out for building a house in a speedrun
blob/by
bit strange that
mr blobby overstepping bounds again
@AnastasiaBvrhausen the weakest link will always be nevo
you lot are done for
i regret being a believer now
@n_Four4 using a typewriter for a keyboard probably
so bad nevo
it's been your fault for each of the three runs
yes it was
i think after a certain amount of time people would stop wanting to play with you because you'll ruin it anyway
back to being a believer even though nevo keeps game ruining
please actually try a bit though
if i were you i'd put someone else on lava pool finding duty because you keep walking past them nevo
you should go very close
loads of ender dragon killing loot
@AnastasiaBvrhausen a minecraft pro
@bill_schitt and somehow he'll still die
@UjuziCC all this for nevo to just fall down a hole and die
@bill_schitt isn't he an italian revolutionary
don't worry about them nevo
worry about yourself
nevo contributing nothing to the team again, shock
LMAO
if anyone can do it it's rizzo
you did say he could be unbanned if he made 14 accounts
he died because of you mate
W jamie
can't wait for this duo
i fully trust rizzo
after long consideration i can no longer be a believer
@boommer69 it was moldova because he was speaking romanian
i have
@UjuziCC nevo has shown that he will always end up dying somehow
@best_lesbian no if anyone is going to get them killed it's nevo
@AnastasiaBvrhausen one of the best muppet characters
@UjuziCC i know, next time i'll go back to my believing ways
@ZYNXOH bite someone probably
my ears are bleeding
i've had to mute the stream
but rizzo is a rat??
bye pyroman
lmao
charlie knows how bad you are
bye bigmanting
me nevo
rizzo is hilarious
should get him on more often
@bigfatfattyfatso no, he was the reason for losing the run at least 4 times though
so never?
@bill_schitt it's as if he is game ruining on purpose
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 the first team at least made it to the nether
bill schitt and sneele
nevo again
how is it alwaysyou
i'm happy i didn't even join. i would have had headloss at this point
@ttvbest_fortnite_player he'd still die first
bye nevo
it was fun to watch
yea but the first one was your fault
bye chat :3
hi nevo! hi chat :3
i'll be back in a minute after the sneele stream is done and i know whether i have won sneelings
!sr merry christmas, please don't call me by bleachers
you better sing the whole thing
BAHAHA
@bigfatfattyfatso it is genuinely awesome btw, even though i keep hating on it
Jamie is being silenced :(
@kerloud you can't stop me from edging
soooo bad
deji is better than this
deji
hi jamie :3
rizzo always being hated on :(
SNEELE raid nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele
nevo lying to mods
follow sneele. he's an amazing streamer!!
@Rizzo04 he tends to do that
awooga thetasigma
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LvlG2dTQKg
please don't
@AnastasiaBvrhausen FREAK
he actually lives in huddersfield
@JamieEC sorry! i'll unblock it now
you can do this nevo! /s
@ttvbest_fortnite_player i know, i'm seriously reconsidering my belief
i'll become a nevo disbeliever
he finally admits it
just pause and skip nevo
try harder and pause nevo
i'm never believing in you again
no you won't mate
stop playing then
deji is already on dark souls 3 btw
@AnastasiaBvrhausen hype
i believe nevo
@AnastasiaBvrhausen i heard this too
@bill_schitt what is your favourite way of eating pizza
so bad
@bill_schitt the correct way
@Rizzo04 he actually hates us :(
aren't you already going bald?
shit
@AnastasiaBvrhausen it was one of those 1 kilo competition ones
tom immediately getting blamed even if it's just nevo being bad
at some point he's going to have to consider using cheats
deji beat it first try
can't be that hard
can't even reach the boss :3
it hurts to watch
@JamieEC that's very optimistic
free gorgonzolas
just quit mate
wow ragging on chatters again
i love how believers don't even believe and only put like 10 points on yes
so don't run out of stamina then, easy enough
BAHAHAHA
@best_lesbian well only like 1 extra, because there are no believers left
no you are comically wank lad
they were being mean (deservedly)
i got the game yesterday and already beat them without pine resin btw
mate he's the only one trying to help you
finally something more your speed
nevermind
even bad at this
@bill_schitt by playing another game he's shit at
can't play piglet, can't play dark souls, can't play kung fun panda hula. what are you good at?
@UjuziCC at this point i can't believe in him anymore. now if this was sneele or ic3mini playing i'd gamble my life away
melt
is this finally it
are we finally done with these shite gargoyles
@bill_schitt as if he would ever say that
i got points
@bill_schitt if you hadn't asked he would have completely forgotten your contribution
@Triabtrue they're in a nevo chat. that should tell you enough
@crazylaina2012 but who wasn't dropped on the head as a child?
@cocoKofu i'm showing up at your house tonight, watch out
@JamieEC twitch just hates them apparently
@cocoKofu while listening to ladbaby
@AnastasiaBvrhausen that's his whole brand
off a cliff
i swear you're just running in circles
funny one nevo
@ttvbest_fortnite_player kinda???
i stopped being a believer after you ignored tom's advice for a solid 60 tries and kept dying
@JamieEC grim
@JamieEC i'm sorry but i can't support someone who has a bottle of milk with their chinese
and the chinese" is just chicken and chips btw"
@JamieEC those were the one thing that looked kinda good
@AnastasiaBvrhausen as if he's capable of that
being nice
numpty
no it doesn't
ew
don't do that again
we'll remind you
we'll believe it once we see it
it's just interesting to know what other people have shoved up their arse
can your character stop moaning in my ear
it's disgusting
@cocoKofu just his
the game is calling you out
jump
just ask me. i'm all too acquainted with the back end
bro didn't pick up the gargoyle WMD
why is hitting a brick wall
@bill_schitt i love the energy you manage to bring out in nevo
!sr getting ready for christmas day by paul simon
ew
nevo have you considered smiling?
^
gave up on smiling after less than 10 seconds to get pissy with tom
mental health break!
@best_lesbian it was too long for a clip
thank you @bill_schitt for guaranteeing great content
ick
spit on that thang
too far
wasn't worried about you
i wasn't done talking yet
i was about to say itrust you to do it
that's just insulting
!sr all i want for christmas is you
no you can't, it's too long
don't get stuck on narrow paths then
not that hard
@Rizzo04 deji is actually amazing
yes owen you're going to do it!
so i believe in you again and you end up losing
tell me again why i 'm supposed to believe in you
@bill_schitt how did they even get to a third game
bye laina
@luxembourgz99 we would at least see some winning
well done
i can do it now""
pom gets wifi
we don't want to see that
@Bigmanting1337_ what other way is there?
he actually looks better than i remember
@Rizzo04 rizzo you're amazing
@best_lesbian i think we're close
#StopJafarAbuse
no not Jafar :((((
please stop nevo i can't watch this
it's too brutal
@bill_schitt he's already bad at impressions, don't ask him for such a difficult one
the worst part about this seegment of the game is the constant moaning in my ear
so mean!
i want to hear from anastasia!
chat loves anastasia
flexing on his viewers again
wow
we want to see some grovelling nevo
anastasia deserves it
@Tashathetwat i'd block him straight away
chartreuse is a shit colour
what a great story nevo!
hi lyraawr :3
you are scaring me nevo
don't do that again
i actually jumped you knobhead
thank God
what an ugly trout
not best_lesbian
i meant bojo
i would never be mean to chatters
i unironically said creamy alex turner" to my um today after she said the word 'creamy'"
*mum
good night best_lesbian
trying to scam viewers again
@Tashathetwat he should be cancelled for this
@ttvbest_fortnite_player he's lost the plot
welcome back rizzo :3
being bigoted again
@ic3mini this stream
deji would be done already with creating the mii btw
@Bigmanting1337_ thank you, i couldn't be arsed to find this clip
@rainze3 don't start triggering me here as well
@Rizzo04 the economy is in shambles
if i piss my pants do i also need to pay?
ick
so how does pissing yourself work. do you still need to par or is it free?
i'd rather piss myself than spend such an egregious amount of points
he better be attractive
actually a good idea
that sounded racist
@DeriTheLIVE he's still ginger
what was all that movement for?
and why do you indulge him?
i'll comment right now
@crazylaina2012 his latest tiktok
ew
nevo hype house
he looks a bit like beavo in that pic
bye rizzo
you'll be missed
bye jamie too
you'll also be missed
congratulations bald nonce
bit wierd mr bean
this is like a more brutal love island, if you don't partner up you get executed
@Rizzo04 you have curated a horrible tiktok fyp
i also came here from one of the wallace and gromit games
videos*
@jayc365ud same, i was watching nevo for a while without even having a twitch account. truly horrible experience because i think ads occur more often
i love how you can just zone out charlie at this point
oh wait i have vip, when did i get that
speak for yourself, i watch nevo for the high quality gameplay
whatever it is it's horrifying
charlie that's a horrible thing to say
3
@JamieEC mr mii needs to get it perfect
she has the face only a mother could love
@jayc365ud jumping off a cliff
wait she's younger than me??
that's crazy
can't believe i'm gettin called unc
turn it off PLS!
match made in heaven i'd say @Rizzo04
@Rizzo04 sorry i apologise
good
please don't
ew
@ttvbest_fortnite_player bannable offense that
@ttvbest_fortnite_player no i wasn't but now i'll check it out
ew
so bad
@JamieEC how far back do the chats go?
streamer doesn't even know his fans, disappointing
this is actually a great game
didn't know nevlings could be so talented
@JamieEC yea you probably should
bye nevo, good night :3
could have warned me
did not need to see that ugly cretin again
night night chat :3
hello nevo
and hello nevlings :3
is this the pup play stream?
you also look extra ginger
the nevo guesr game is actually amazing
had some Germknödel for tea
of course you did
don't call it a condom
lmao
can't wait to comment on andy moore's feet again and talk about how great they are
@brodzster11 i'm good brodzster, how are you doing
i think i might have it
can't remember which worms i have tbh
@mcmental22 might have to make an account just to get the juice wrld skin ngl
check up on me and see if i still have a thing for andy moore's feet
what do you mean?
rizzo is nice as long as you're not rude to him
because you streamed it mate
@maccacheesepaul he did puppy play on stream (allegedly)
don't need to hear about your bare feet
just completely unnecessaryinformation
i think you deleted him when the game crashed
tbf presenting a nevvy can't be good for your career
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 alcoholism is the only way to make it through the stream, so he should
shit comment
can't believe i'm so boring
@JamieEC start a gofundme for a meal
don't show it on stream again thanks
i don't want to say that ugly fucking baby again
at least give us a warning if you do
@lyraawr i did too and my friend immediately started retching
@best_lesbian don't say that, tom doesn't like it when you call him mr mii
even seeing it being made as a mii is making me violently ill
give me a fucking warning you knobhead
@JamieEC shoot it into the sun
@bigfatfattyfatso not to be mean but were you ever bullied over that baby picture?
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 as if cheap-arse nevo is doing a prize
bigfattyfatso the goat
@realKDY20 most of them seem to be following nevo at least
you don't deserve to be called mr mii for this
STOP!!!
i can't fucking stand that shite baby
i have worms
just don't know which game
oh the game is discounted
who else wants a copy?
lol
YESSS
bless you nevo
yea they have world of trucks
i am because it's cheap games to try out and the civ streams are always fun
@ic3mini LMAO
@kaciepain_ as a baby??
@kaciepain_ might be as horribel a baby as bigfattyfatso
no actually
that baby is sill wose
evenening tasha and hi folklohre :3
@Rizzo04 know to stay on your good side now
i would be so offended if someone said this about me
what's my vibe then mate?
i'm NOT!
liar
i'm auburn at best
Jesus how are there so many grey jhairs
toupé
your toupé is showing
@UjuziCC getting enough money for a turkey trip
sneele's mum seems nice
she should've stayed
a bit horrid to talk about sneele's mum like that, i whish for her to spread""
@kaciepain_ i think it is
if it's 30/07/2003
@kaciepain_ nevo1sBosh nevo1sBosh nevo1sBosh
@ic3mini don't say that's old as shit when i'm older
we had a 1920s coal miner's day
@AnastasiaBvrhausen cosplaying a victim
@FivooTM struglling to stay awake after that
@ThetaSigma01 a fossil
ew
i'm leaving
another certified nevo fun fact
hello sneele raiders :3
please don't
i'm going to kill myself and you'll be the only person on my list
i want that bit to be buried and forgotten as fast as possible
i think we just call him odd
rizzo would do well with your streamkey
i don't remember him being this FIT
@AnastasiaBvrhausen great minds think alike
looks close enough
welcome back rizzo!
are there that many?
scaring away the new nevlings again
don't be so mean to rizzo nevo
bite it off
@AnastasiaBvrhausen he is like a typical man who has never touched lip balm before
he's not that smart @JamieEC
ad time right as he's being raided
hi raiders :3
he also plays dark souls (but he's shite)
@Rizzo04 and he did a puppy play stream once
@Rizzo04 ^
@nintendogsforswitch ^^
just admit you hate women nevo
#womenagainstnevo1st
hello fortnitegriddychallenge :3
@FortniteGriddyChallenge you have? now i'm afraid
wow
that's just mean
not again
you should stop insulting rizzo, maybe it'll stop crashing
pom gets wifi?
watch him ignore the results of the poll again
nevoguessr is the best game ever made btw
great introduction to you as a streamer
@djoceanbread all the time, we keep telling him to stop but he just keeps doing this
this is so fun to do, i genuinely learn so much about other chatters speech patterns playing this game
yea oops""
papas pizzeria got snubbed
@AnastasiaBvrhausen jamie probably blocked you from showing up
just multiple trucks in the same world
no different truck in the same world
what was the pass again?
thank you @ic3mini
what did you do to your truck
i keep glancing at stream and just see you crashing
i'm trying to reach the uk but the shite game keeps crashing when i try and take the ferry
go to a parking spot to sleep
lad you're swerving like mad on the road
i'm watching on the map slowly seeing nevo edge closer to me
you have to stop your truck to open the full map
rotterdam is a shithole btw
yea i've lived in the netherlands
ew
i think it's on your end
the convoy doesn't exist anymore
yea you should
it keeps your progress
goodnight rizzo :3
i was going to crash into nevo for you
you're in a great country rn btw :3
please stop the sausage roll songs
i can't take these sausage rolls
i hate sausage rolls now
you've got your hazards on las
i don't the hazzards button on keyboard
my ears are bleeding
i might unfollow
i was planning on rear-ending nevo
but then my controller shit the bed
ram him from behind
i actually hate chat and their shite song requests sometimes
he's such a bad driver he has no awareness of his surroundings
???
you're shite at driving trucks
BAHAHAHA
deserved
do not let this man get his license
it tells you the key when it gives you the message but i think it's the cedila key
not if you've reassigned the keys numpty
BAHAHAHA
twat
@JamieEC i don't know how he retains any viewers
@JamieEC of course they do
don't worry you should be used to being shite by now
@bill_schitt we can change that
i feel like nevo is just projecting atp
@JamieEC i've been playing it during stream and it's genuinely so fun. but the very short messages are back
draw a nevling group portrait
LMAO
are you enjoying the game nevo
you look elated
@kaciepain_ i genuinely can't wait
welcome back best lesbian!
losing to tomato tom is crazy
i'm going to be training worms then
i know something else that can be described as slipy...
why would we give you a break? you do this professionally
@Tashathetwat ^
@kerloud might have to dowload fortnite to check out the item shop then
bye ian
bye nevo
bye nevlings, sleep well :3
eyebrowless nevo
bye everyone :3
omg yes!
the best music
sneele's got moves
hi everyone :3
and hi nevo :/
@nevo1st actually don't stream tonight
@Rizzo04 i feel bad for how nevo treats you
i've been listening to christmas music non-stop
lied to chat again >:(
since when do women work?!
horrific laugh
triabtrue and fivoo are quite good no?
@ic3mini he will jump of a cliff again or die to singular zombie or something
LMAO
why is it always on you
@kaciepain_ i think whoever plays with him should just lock him deep underground in bunker where he can't do anaything for the best chance of beating the game
i love it when ic3mini twerks
should have allowed him to twerk
you should
they don't sound the same tbh
you lot do sound quite posh
yes mate nevo, starting a garden is very important for a speedrun
nevo i don't think you should be off on your own
you'll just die again
ick
literally noone wants to see you be wilbur
@bill_schitt you or deji would already be in the end
@bill_schitt he can't go without affirmation every 5 minutes
carrying is a bit of an overexaggeration
this is a riveting speedrun
is there strategy involved???
clapping now just to be dead in two minutes
this is where nevo dies btw
i love the unsmetled iron
could have some iron tools by now
@Rizzo04 be safe!
deji would have done that though
no the first time it was also your fault
i haven't played this game in ages and it still hurts to watch you struggle so much
Chriabchue
worry about yourself, not fivo
^
@bill_schitt he's actually so bad
out of all people i don't think you're the one who should initiate fights
@bill_schitt on of those harnesses thos shite toddlers wear
it physically hurts to watch nevo play mc
what did the ender dragon do to you?
@bill_schitt that actually sounds fun
better than watching this at least
i love the facebook mum lean in to see what's going on
@bill_schitt it stresses me out to much, my heart can't deal with this stress
amazing speedrun strat that
^
that's probably for the best, not much risk in killing animals
even you should manage
sneaking up to a non hostile spider
@bill_schitt 9 in english
BAHAHAHA
the ender dragon is not dying, don't kid yourself
facebook mum lean0in again
this is unwatchable
can't even make a bed
@JamieEC and he still has flowers in hisinventory
this is not a basa
very little speed involved in this speedrun""
@best_lesbian nevo being shite
@bill_schitt i think his carers help him
LMAO
@JamieEC don't you know about this very important speedrun strat, making a painting?
i still don't see how you a cow's face in that
@JamieEC not necessarily, unless it's changed a lot since 6 years ago
my 7 year old cousin on pocket edition does better
why did tomodachi start playing?
i wish for a ps2
@ZYNXOH get sabrina out of there!
@BunnyWithAPretzel you would still be better than nevo
he died in 2 minutes
i've never played hardcore before" is a massive lie"
@nintendogsforswitch he hates new viewers
why didn't you pick up?
i think i've played before
nevo leading a creeper to the house
YOU STOOD ONTOP THE HOUSE
i didn't know they could explode" about a creeper"
HAHAHA
struggling to make a pool
i will join in on this
ew
we saw that
i love when he screams in fear
@bill_schitt maybe we should entertain him, like you do with dementia patients
@UjuziCC ^
how much meat can you muster nevo?
watch nevo still be the one to fuck this up somehow
@kaciepain_ how can we as chatter make sure that we don't cross the picket line
i knew that third person thing was going to a problem for nevo
@nintendogsforswitch easy enough then, i already did that
@kaciepain_ ^
@the_scratch2 don't worry the pros do have diamonds they just don't trust the petulant child with them
i like how they have realised that nevo is just a liability
happy birthday nevo btw
@kaciepain_ i quite like prawn cocktail
i think this is it
nah you're just a wuss mate
i would solo them
@nintendogsforswitch he can't stop, he just enjoys embodying him too much
@Bigmanting1337_ LET's GOOO!
they're coming out" good for them i say"
dying to magma cubes now :3
@JamieEC i don't recognise one bit
@lyraawr he recognises that this is a lost cause
i love how he just looked it straight in the eye
even i know you shouldn't do that
@nintendogsforswitch i fully supoort this
most masculine nevo scream
kids game btw
@JamieEC he hasn't slayed a single thing yet. the rest have been doing the slaying
he was like what?
@bill_schitt but he won't say that he'll still do other one's, but he'll just throw and die within ten minutes each time again
i did but i regret doing so
@kaciepain_ actually so relatable
Triabindeterminable
why are you asking fro 13 year olds nevo?
@kaciepain_ sounds like a fun activity
@Bigmanting1337_ this is the best of news!
LMAO
@kaciepain_ sadly i remember
rizzo sharing a traumatic experience to them, nevo: i don't kno what you're crying about""
@the_scratch2 he'd die if he tried
good one!
you're sooo funny
deeply unfunny
aw" -> kills it"
very original and creative idea @Rizzo04
i like how every new viewer is accused of being an alt
good choice
you did not contribute equally at all
you spend halt the stream hiding in a cubby
??
it's not a perm, it's a toupé get it right
@kaciepain_ he's also way luckier than these lot
and then he claims he wasn't into the dreamsmp
i can't wait for this to fail right at the end
LMAO
wow mate you can hit stationary blocks
@UjuziCC maybe i should, he doesn't much else otherwise
@bill_schitt he keeps saying it as if it makes it any less of a lie
@kaciepain_ i'd watch, follow and sub immediately
hi jayc!
@ic3mini you're just naturally good
nuke them
@Rizzo04 now that's some real dark humour
@Rizzo04 no i'm not i actually laughed at it
goodnight best lesbian
horrible man
LMAO
you should throw the ender pearl into the lava, it tps you to the end
you should just triangulate the portal site
LMAO
i've actually started to somewhat believe they might succeed, maybe a 5% chance
they stop
but some keep moving
i think clownfish stay still (but they let currents carry them)
@UjuziCC i'm still doubting
@ttvbest_fortnite_player he'll fall of the side of the island
shooting at a crystal protected by iron bars
ew
never do that again
actually crazy
still doesn't make up for how many i lost last time
@Rizzo04 it was all them
i love how my twitch decided to kill itslef right as you killed the ender dragon
RawkOut RawkOut RawkOut RawkOut
@lyraawr no way, it's too good
nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS
dumbarse
the new features are really cool
especially the lifelines
pyroman
wow
didn't know ian was a lurker
LMAO
if i get the highscore i don't want you to kiss the cam
shit
i guessed the wrong one
@AnastasiaBvrhausen he was thinking of jaja but he's a bit slow
eeeeww
i feel like my ear was just violated
yea
@nintendogsforswitch excuses, excuses
sometimes i just want to abstain on these votes
that's a bit strange
luxembourgish btw
what is pixels?
@folklohre cheers
actually good kahoot question: which side shoe do you put on first left or right?
@kaciepain_ mine said i was into dark humour, i wanted to kill myself
@luxembourgz99 best game ever
nevo worse than a nonce confirmed
@Rizzo04 mine basically called me bipolar
yea that's the only thing you did
wtf
is it a speedrun"type speedrun again?"
@bill_schitt it better be soon, i've already strted training
goodnight nevo
goodnight chat :3
@bill_schitt yea worms revolution
hi chat :3 :3
hi nevo!
we can
@Rizzo04 hii rizzo
@Rizzo04 could you expect something else with nevo
tom knows his worth and got better things to do
@AnastasiaBvrhausen he's a make-a-wish case
i had some slop
everyone constantly talking ablout chinese is making me want a chinese too
don't do that to him
he gets stage fright
who is actually the best out of these three
off to a fantastic start this stream
LMAO
i'm a tomato tom believer!!
tomato tom already doing mind games and annoying nevo
i believe tom can win
i think this is a time penalty for harry btw
didn't wipe his bum
harry there is no way you wiped
LMAO already losing
i should not have voted for tomato tom
i still trust in tomato tom
he will pull it back
i feel like the constant bullying of tom is an unfair tactic
@JamieEC i'm actually happy to be watching good gameplay for once
@JamieEC of course not, but for nevo's standards it's exceptionable
happy birthday panglewang!
@Rizzo04 happy birthday rizzo :3
LMAO
tom i'm coming for you
@UjuziCC THIS!
nevo'f fault like always
couldn't be my goat tom
@UjuziCC it's the nevo speedrun brand by now
tom i applaud you for your masterful tactics of pissing off your competitors
how is tom already lagging behind
loser spreads their toes on cam :)
@UjuziCC no trust the plan, tom is just giving them a headstart because he is that good and doesn't want it to be unfair
i'm the only to vote for tom
@JamieEC even better is the podcast 'talking talking talk tuah' it has some riveting analysis
if tom wins i'll buy him dinner
this is tom slander and i won't take it
i'll stand up for my goat
^
@ic3mini YIPPIE
my laptop is not running pixelmon
@JamieEC it's actually a horrible forfeit
it reeks
kangaroo is nice if cooked well
@ic3mini no we still believe in tom
@paulmccartneyy_ he's becoming an eboy
i DO deserve this""
tom please stop throwing
i betted all my gorgonzolas
@ic3mini i might have underestimated harry
soo bad nevo
deji did this level already nevo
i would love to see you suck sopping wet mouthwash carpet
nevo you were also playing nevo the whole afternoon
@ZYNXOH all my life savings in fact
harry cheating again ://
hi kofu
@ZYNXOH i heard deji is the world record holder
or piss your trousers
ew
ick
sooo bad
i'm happy i didn't vote for nevo
can't believe i even considered it
@UjuziCC yes :3
tomato tom is the people's champion
hello pyroman
@boommer69 harry, bottom right
you're a horrible little man nevo
i was just genuinely so much better" sure pal"
can we get one of the other peerspectives on the big screen, they're better
you were the one who was most horrible to tom nevo
@paulmccartneyy_ i feel the same as when i'm watching one of those baby animal edits with adrianne lenker music on tiktok
i want to reassure him
he is
tom interrupting the speedrun to go to the shops
hi nintendogs
i wished tom was just a bit better
truly feels like my parents this
childhood all over again
@ZYNXOH sabotage by the others, he would dominate otherwise
nevo can't believe he's worse than someone else even though that's always the case
both harry and nevo cheated, so i think that means tom wins
nevo cheated so he forfeits the run and DQsa
nevo's forfeit is showing his toes on the new cam (when he finally gets it)
compliment every nevling as a forfeit
i would watch the full stream
i have worms
i also still have two codes for free
if any nevlings wants them
@lyraawr hello lyraawr :3
@ic3mini he wants to do revolution but i still have two free copies if you want one
HELLO??
me me me
@ic3mini np :3
i sill have another code for anyone who wants to play in the tournament btw
ethan'll be buzzing with this
3 shots
i think the amount of worms depends on the amount of players
less players more worms
i can smell your honky breath in belgium mate
@nintendogsforswitch that's about the same percentage belgian i actually am i think
@nintendogsforswitch :3
LMAO
recoil is shit in this game ngl
i will come for you harry if you touch me
better use me well nevo
ujuzi is gone i think
@UjuziCC your worm was about to die but whoeever's turn it was was shite
so you didn't
@UjuziCC nevo's
was there a second prediction?
i missed it
i have to predict nevo haven't i
@Rizzo04 harry
tom i've supported you in the past but that was horrid
don't you dare touch me harry!!!
you knobhead
could have chosen anyone but you chose me
@JamieEC yes you are
nasty people going after the best chatters
tom is a goated player
i knew i was right for backing him before
i can't believe you
kacie's worm is a fighter
if tom wins this i'm going to kill myself
lad you're so vile
i can't believe i voted for you
the worms special, a kamikaze suicide run to prevent someone else from winning
@ic3mini you better win this
@boommer69 doing it right now
@boommer69 i'll do a tiktok live
shit i voted for the wrong person
@paulmccartneyy_ brutally murdered only to be replaced, i feel bad for us :(
i wanted to vote for ic3mini
but misclciked
shite rendition of beach theme
that was better
ewwww
LMFAO
i have good feeling about this tournament now
shotgun in this game is shite, the recoil means you basically always hurts yourself
bye rizzo :(
i know how it feels
just anything explosive will work
harry is crazy
OMG
that was crazy
there is way to switch no?
a*
maybe it's good i missclicked and din't vote for ic3mini
LMFAO
don't apologise rizzo, you were right for saying that
actually true
@luxembourgz99 one of the best game franchises ever
this one is a bit of a shite version though
the tattoo is amazing
@boommer69 no they go in order. so each worm gets a turn in a set order
woke my nan you knobhead
incredible play
no not deji :(
he's my favourite olatunji brother
BAHAHAHA
@AnastasiaBvrhausen actually true btw
nevo...
wormtok is massive
goodnight rizzo :3
genius play
ave you wouldn't kill pyroman
@nintendogsforswitch boommer
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 maybe his sleep will be more peaceful because of this
BAHHAHAHA
you're shite
nevo is not winning that tournament he wants to do
tomato tom will win
this won't work
true worms shithousery
a nevo's worms league would be fun
we used to tournaments all the time in school
there are so many variations on how you can play tournaments in this game
you're so shite
wormstok exists and it's just me
LOL
@UjuziCC it's not in the nature of worms to get along
i love the salt that this game always brings out
worse than risk family night
deji just drowning is funny
@ThetaSigma01 he has his worms set to jamaican so maybe not
nevo...
@paulmccartneyy_ deji created the game
nevo and playing it smart doesn't compute in my brain, is that even possible
nevo's sweating harder for this than the cuphead speedrun
@UjuziCC i think that's impossible to achieve
why is the worm zesty
LMFAO
@boommer69 you're poisoned so you're slowly taking damage each turn
these mole plays have been questionable
there is worms lore btw, people have made timelines and shit
massive fourhead play incoming
nevermind
ic3mini the GOAT
GOATMINI
@ic3mini deserved
this is revolution
i'm afraid of ymeou in this theoretical tournament
that would be fun
EW
ic3mini will win again
that one risk player when they start losing maybe no pacts...""
there are two rizzo's
this amazing
BAHAHAHA
you're so shite
LMFAO
these plays are horrific
he just keeps doing it as well btw
which worms game added the homerun sound effect when you use the bat?
that makes the bat so much better
nevo being aired again
sad to see
@bill_schitt this has been happening each game
i love these mental gymnastics each round
ic3mini will still win
ic3mini is already great at worms, he knows how to get people to his work for him
ic3mini is genuinely so good at manipulating
crazy meatriding
literally
manipulating right to the end
@bill_schitt are you stevie wonder?
@bill_schitt it's like they are ignoring it on purpose
LMFAO
such a nasty play
tnf they could have hit the rat-nox box the whole time and they didn't so i can't even be mad at harry for being such a rat
this is such a goofy round of worms
i love the constant agitating from ic3mini
true shithouse
have to respect it
LMFAO
poke him off???
and kiss him at the end
these plays are so silly, three rats hiding in their hidey holes
ww1 tunnel warfare
if this is what the tournament will be like i'm not playing
flush out these rats
this is filthy
i won't tell you to do anything" while instructing him on what to do"
this game will literally go on for hours
LMAO
@nintendogsforswitch except it's just toddlers playing pretend and shoving tin soldiers around
@bill_schitt even with these setting it normally doesn't last this long with normal players
the aggressive of the keyboard is sending me
clacking*
these mole plays have been atrocious
@bill_schitt no they are, and i think they keep forgetting it snaps directly into the ground below when it first starts digging
stop with these fucking tunnels
this game will never end
LMAO
worm jesus
you fucking sweat
BAHAHAHA
no it's not
sooo bad
the sweat has lost
worms is fantastic
bye nevo!
so true
you should
bye chat :3
sleep well
WE LOVE 7PM
also hi chat and nevo :3
SofiyeG subscribed with Prime. They've subscribed for 2 months! can't wait for more worms :3
congratulations, so happy for you
who would clarkson even love?
unbelievable
you'll do him??
miserable old prick
this is what keeps crashing the game btw
tomato tom meowing??
this looks exactly like what i expected thetasigma to look like
@ThetaSigma01 it was mean't to be rude don't worry
fully believable
what???
not a fun fact at all
why would we like to know about your worms?
i can't explain but he looks more like actual verstappen than verstappen himself does
ask him how he fixed it
LMAO
so did you send it?
size shaming up and coming twitch streamers smh
no use the new one for the foot cam, don't need to see your face in HD
this is not one of your finest works mr mii
@Rizzo04 i'd love to officiate this
who would even do that. disrespect the loveliest member of chat :((
it's getting worse
yeah this can't make it into the tiktok
never been happier" through tears
cams gone blurry again
@Rizzo04 socks on or off?
i feel desperately old again
i think you are no longer mr mii
mr mii would be able to make anyone
gave me the shivers that
ew
can i get a winter hat pretty please :3
hat with ear flaps
what are your favourite films @JamieEC ?
still haven't watched after hours
if it's like last time and you take an hour for a single game probable not many
what if you win nevo?
charlie is already wormstacking
are you playing with worms noobs so you have a chance nevo?
@UjuziCC sorry didn't mean to insult you
EEEWWW
@Rizzo04 worms r34 exists so judge for yourself
hiya ryan :3
BAHAHA
worms master that
@paulmccartneyy_ if you had told me a bit earlier i could have still gifted you a code :(
@paulmccartneyy_ it probably will because i've been playing it on a shite laptop as well
i see why you're doing these practice streams before the tournament
POGGYWOGGY
wow anastasia
i've been nothing but kind to you
you can't complain about this nevo, not after friday
the donkey is my favourite weapon
bye rizzo, we'll miss you
you're like a jealous partner
i also  laughed anastasia
yes i can see the goat play worms again
don't feel bad about being better
@Rizzo04 he was just recording a voice note to simple simon
i do like the bat more in wmd where you get the hhomerun sound effect
we saw you reload  adifferent save
you can't put the codes in chat i think
1111
have had worms since a child
ic3mini my goat will win
hello raiders :3
LMAO
that's actually hilarious
don't you dare remove GOATMINI
thanks for the bits tasha!
LMAO
a true worms moment
master manipulator alreaady playing his games
chirs david's art is truly moving, museum-worthy
sadly i already voted, can't remember who for though
actually might have been ic3mini though
LOL
@UjuziCC i saw enough when it was his first game of worms and he was just manipulating like crazy immediately
@UjuziCC i really want to sometime just to witness it, can't imagine how pissed of i'd be if i knew he was lying
total headloss at that probably
LMAO
now this is worms
now i can't wait for another 1 hour long game with trench warfare
tonight is going to be another late one
harry will just win by sitting in a cubby again
@UjuziCC our goat
i love harry
yes the best weapon
HAHAHA
the jetpacking is a bit questionable
he hates us :(
my GOAT keeps winning
LMAO
now this is worms
no way you just lost this harry
@UjuziCC i think those are the later worms games like WMD
my goat stays winning!
@UjuziCC probably, i don't really remember the earlier ones i now realise
thank you for winning me some gorgonzolas @ic3mini
erm actually i'm also a worms champion""
you're like a child showing their mum a meme
can we get another prediction pls, i want to win more gorgonzolas
best mod fr fr
i also still need to do some practicing for the tournament
never really played this version of worms
you pillock
why did you use a fire weapon next to a barrel
the fire punch hits in a small arc upwards and so it also hits stuff behind you for a bit of damage
whose dad joined the call?
is it just on your pc nevo?
this was vile
YES ETHAN
stop forcing these fake inspirational worms quotes
i'm actually getting somewhat scared of facing you in the tournament
why did you have to bring that up??
tomato tom the goat
people forgetting about the wind again smh
you really need to stop trying to use the ninja rope
Jesus you're shite
i really don't want to camp" from a man who spent friday's game camping and tunnelling like a rat"
LMAO
fire immediately destroys boxes
this is some great worms
tomato tom my goat stays winning
yea no i noticed LOL
bye nevo!
bye chat :3
let's go! finally some bully
hi nevo
and hi chat :3
the haircut looks nice
already filled it out mate
EEEWWW
i thought about buying some peppers
OMG
amazing game
oh it works maybe
at least when you were eating the smaller peppers it was normal
i can't defend this
if the game doesn't work canwe just do a stream where we bully you instead?
why not cut it into strips
i don't believe that
literally 1984
@folklohre he better
the nerd who gets bullied
why are you immediately going on your knees?
i'll watch anything
i'm not picky
@izzyatzizzis no it's actually true, he used to tell it loads
@cyanyolk understandable
got my snacks ready and all for bully and now no bully :(
@AnastasiaBvrhausen i'm your friend apparently
liam gallagher
sounds nothing like a 60s girl
sounds about right for you
i can imagine this actually happened to you
why is she some messed up new jersey mum
my dream lad
it's the same story basically
cringe loser
@UjuziCC literally unplayable!!!
the back
@JamieEC no there is a bald spot so nothing to dent
mods being put to work again (unpaid)
LMAO
@Tashathetwat sadly i don't think he has a path in this game
@lyraawr i have :(
EEEEWWWW
don't do that again
YES
that's normal enough no?
@UjuziCC don't you put george don't there with those pigs
see george is the only good one!
paul is a bit of a knobhead
the landscape being described as grey reminds me of howards end
@luxembourgz99 young or current?
i don't think he'd sound like that
no way an 18 year old in 1963 doesn't know their names, even if they hate pop music
look at that cutie!!
the creator doesn't know much about ringo that's why
he also doesn't have a romance path
@JamieEC erm, george looked totally fab mate
so he likes it freaky?
what kind of record is this?
i've met paul mccartney at a festival (well met is a big word, i shouted to him that i liked him and he gave me a thumbs up)
i have a feeling that whoever said this was made by a 14 year old was correct
didn't he mention he only has hookers over, of course they don't complain he's paying them
LMAO
but you're used to that no, with the whole rizzo pup play thing
you look like you're really enjoying the game mate
the best beatle!!
@Tashathetwat i think you're going to be disappointed with the rest of this game
no he's in it but barely, whenever the others all get a bunch of content he gets like one or two lines at best
i played the game
the MC is literally me nevo1sSmiles
see even the creator agrees that george is the best
2
@paulmccartneyy_ it's a really nice crate
???
@izzyatzizzis people voted to end it :(
could i perhaps get that picture too?
@AnastasiaBvrhausen no they're still there
i love ren'py visual novels about random celebrities!!
you can do better than that
it's somehow worse than before you listened to him
why is he a tory
do you think gordon knows about this game?
@Tashathetwat i'd watch
it didn't say that anywhere nevo?
finally some good voice acting
^
gordon ramsey's warm sticky butter
hi rizzo :3
you joined at the perfect time
@ttvbest_fortnite_player i think i remember hearing nevo say you were to be timed out if you said worms" again
this feels more like fetish stuff than the dog cage from the beatles game
@cyanyolk @Rizzo04 ??
thank you anastasia for actually taking the voice acting serious and adding the giggle
you need to 100% it
LMAO
i think this might be TOS tbh
don't jinx it
nevo i can't believe you are still continuing
EWWW
are you going to be bummed by a stick of butter?
just stop this mate
BAHAHAHA
@Rizzo04 when even you're saying this you know it's true
good end - bummed by a stick of butter
can't wait for you to be banned for this
the beatles dating game was fun
you were great at voice acting @AnastasiaBvrhausen
@AnastasiaBvrhausen i might have to join some time if i'm free just to enjoy more of the voice acting
@Rizzo04 i think he has tried basically everything at this point
had a vegan schnitzel with some chips and salad. and some semolina after
i love when it doesn't have sound
@paulmccartneyy_ low: fell down the stairs again, high: watched after hours because nevo suggested it and it was actually good (i expected him to be trolling)
it makes me want to punt a baby
@izzyatzizzis nevo works at cex so he's probably the one who scammed you
it will still not work
begging for raids
straight after getting money
being nasty to rizzo again
@ThetaSigma01 tbf it's halloween and they were scary
W for the ugly baby
@izzyatzizzis they're his groupies
hi sneele
no u still decide to do it
could just ignore that game mechanic
hey even though the game is called bully you don't actually need to bully your viewers
what??
https://www.twitch.tv/nevo1st/clip/DirtyGracefulSquirrelRlyTho-bEweddPILP9mwonl
??
rituals is great
gimpy gimpy toupé boy
i literally smell amazing you knobhead
no but he didn't make it vulgar nevo
even bad at this game
that wouldn't work for me
you're not being bullied right now
i may have been a bit mean at points
@ttvbest_fortnite_player i had something similar happen to me. got isolation for it
???
@Rizzo04 don't expose me like that
tomayto tom
so it's just a repressed memory
we were all there when it happened
no need to pretend you didn't
@paulmccartneyy_ we did because it was acatholic school
@ThetaSigma01 yes
the more i learn about you the less i like you
@AnastasiaBvrhausen horrible, didn't want to hear it and actually just want to forget it
pervo
you've genuinely just described the average student
@ThetaSigma01 oh yeah one of our teachers did something similar
@paulmccartneyy_ see now this is something worth being nasty over
@Rizzo04 not soon enough
luxembourg would have already followed to get closer to the fortnite stream
no just you
oh no actually i did too but it was accidental
i pulled one of my friends necklaces for a joke and she made a choking noise and my maths teacher acted as if i was about to murder her
@paulmccartneyy_ just wanted to add that he was horrible to a disabled person
@bill_schitt actually a good idea
@Tashathetwat that's actually horrible
how often do you have to box
can't wait to raid into some jamaican vampire bit again
bit harsh
thank you for the great stream nevo :3
bye nevo and chat :3
nevnation just got pushed forward!!!
finally the i can dethrone mr mii
hi nevo!
hi chat :3
i've been waiting for this
i watched after hours finally
actually a good suggestion nevo
it was great
i'm expecting some stiff competition
big fortnite friday incoming!!
@UjuziCC it's unexpected that he's on time
should be enough
@ttvbest_fortnite_player i think you kept spamming for worms
i learned too much about theta in the bully stream
i'm ready
1
i'm itching to get started
the website also makes it easier to take the picture
@paulmccartneyy_ and all that while unpaid :(
i'm ready
this was hard
the nose was the shite part
lmao
looks a bit like you with the new haircut
@ttvbest_fortnite_player i've seen it and i'm already judging :3
LMAO
the hair is on point tho
sorry lyraawr but there was no way i could vote for that
hi rizzo :3
he looks like a character from star trek
the mouth is on point
i like how half look more like you than they do mr tumble
@lyraawr lmao
hi fivoo!
both have good points
i like the eyebrows on the top one
i'm genuinely sweating, this is mad
looks horrifying
i'm going to have nightmares over this
nate's one is great
i want actual competition :3
if pom wins i'm kicking off
i tried finding a better nose but ran out of time
@AnastasiaBvrhausen sorry i may have botted for this win :3
@Triabtrue thank you triabtrue
@AnastasiaBvrhausen shhhh
wow
should do this more often
actually a neither vote on the polls could work
the alien eyes look scary
they are interesting....
there should be a vote neither option
LMFAO
his eyes are hard
this was actually so hard, i wish you could combine make-up articles
i hated this
i got his rosy cheeks though
he's a late entry
but it's fine
i was fine going against zynxoh
naked jeff deserves to win
don't vote for me
IT DOES
wish that was the prompt now
W for the ugly baby again
i'm actually so happy i'm out
this was so stressful
i really like kieran's eyebrows
@paulmccartneyy_ i pity you
the old webcam
i like the eyebrow's on doob's one
tom i love that one
he looks so sweaty though
he looks like he'd be in some unkown british punk band
@goosephatt omg he does
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 bye!
the other one looks like an asian rizzler
just do the late one for now
fivoo at least has the rosy cheeks
@Necrozmatic_ you were my second place if that makes you feel any better
bald fraud snubbed
i might still try just to see if i could
that's easy
i would have swept the floor with you lot of i was still in
meerkats were my favourite animals growing up
it's nice not having to participate anymore, finally time for a sweet treat
just stop
preggo?
not if he brings the stream with him
@brodzster11 it was horrifying
looks like one of my old teachers
i like the idea od using the glasses to get the darker eye rings
i can see the vision, maybe
it actually looks good though
sorry but tom's one is the best
it actually looked very similar when you see the close up
no bill schitt's one
i think three people in the final is fine
brum!!!
i love brum
i always thought brum lived around the corner from my nan because the garage he was in looked like the garage of one of her neighbours
2
this is so nostalgic
he helps people all the time
isn't it just because brum is the sound a ccar makes
i can see the vision for both
@Tashathetwat we need a support group for people who got beaten by naked jeff
i want to spoil my ballot
@ttvbest_fortnite_player erm not a mercedes mate
@Tashathetwat ^
BILL > NEVO
i know someone who looks like that
LMAO
this is easy lads
ffs don't say that
now i wish i tried harder earlier
@bill_schitt spoiling my ballot mate
@Tashathetwat at least we lost to the eventual winner ig
well done naked jeff nevo1sFrowns
a blue razz vape is the reward
so are you now no longer called mr mii nevo?
check on my mii too
and yes do bully
no it's the disco elysium fella
becoming an old man
hi greginch!
the name really rolls of the tongue
@verstappenfan133 LMFAO
i like how you said this'll be easy" at the start"
and then gave up
@sneele_ i wanted to go me me me!" but the silence made me reconsider"
@sneele_ next time i'll stand up to the woke mob and just be degenerate
i would ace this
LMAO
is that how you chat people up usually?
@luxembourgz99 you lost the competition being rigged
missed*
@bill_schitt not difficult when he is 62
gimpy gimpy nectarine boy
@bill_schitt i have a feeling eventually we'll just have full on logic equations
it looks like morph is being punched
@bill_schitt lmao
i think it would have to wait a bit
check on me nevo
sauerkraut is good
christmas day is ruined then
if i have two dinners can i submit two dinners nevo1sSmiles
getting angry at chatters for no reason again
i can see him...
@Tashathetwat better than the rigged competition at least
middle middle
bill_schitt sounds like a children tv show presenter
@Tashathetwat barely anything
@bill_schitt LMAO
@folklohre thank you
ic3mini will manipulate everyone again
next time i'll join for a game
i meant next worms stream, i won't be able to join now
@folklohre it really depends on who's playing though
sometimes the games are quite calm
BAHAHA
no-one voted for you because you always die first
LMAO
please no
put on the among us christmas album
there is always teaming going on
now that's worms
LMAO
master wormer at work
bye nevo!
bye chat :3
i loved the competition
definitely do more
evening nevo :3
and hi chat :3
@izzyatzizzis the amazing lad baby
what do you mean ruined? it's been improved by it
because sausage rolls are christmassy
this is great music
broken the game again
@paulmccartneyy_ ^
i don't think i own anyhting special, just old muck
soo bad
why do cops care about kids skipping class?
we didn't poison our classmates, only you did
we can send you one of those digital christmas cards
@AnastasiaBvrhausen more like a fairy, gnomes are still too large
you were a bit odd as a child
should have initiated a violent coup instead of being nice about it
@ic3mini fidel castro succeeded
i know a person who eats so much carrots that their skin looks like they have a fake tan
if your movement collapses at the first hurdle it was a shite movement tbh
in secondary school we had rotating shifts where we had to watch for people littering and tell them off but instead while we were patrolling we'd litter ourselves and then demand others to clean up nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles
ick
@JamieEC you can somewhat tell by who is telling them
@AnastasiaBvrhausen can i add it to my family's crhistmas playlist, i really like it
i'd watch
hi thetasigma ;3
i think she'd slap me if i did that
not for the song but for me putting a phone in her face
she likes the song
1
@ZYNXOH next influencer boxing fught
i can't stand roller coasters because they make me sick
okay, unsubbing and leaving then
i might be able to find something if i look in the attic tbf
i can do that but i fear you wouldn't understand half of it on account of it being in a foreign language
i can imagine, it's like mass effect where people were calling the xbox the sexbox because you could shag aliens
EW
^
finally boys kissing
homophobia :(
defending his bullying ways again...
i didn't bully and also wasn't bullied, it really isn't hard not to be a bully nevo
like three people in chat got that joke
not woke :(
hi sneele :3
he's homophobic :/
@HulkShart very romantic first date, maybe even too romantic
missing everything
how are you so bad at aiming in every game you  play
turning into a sulking child again
the gamer lean forward
@sneele_ doing good now that i don't have to hear nevo anymore nevo1sSmiles
my day was a 7
EWWW
never want to see that again
yea they are but no from that close
EWWW
wow so mean
yes i did that
you basically just said you hated me
@UjuziCC i will, at least he doesn't hate me
horrible little man
we did it with pigs organs
they really hate the gays at this school
RawkOut RawkOut RawkOut RawkOut
not pressing hard enough
EW the noise
nevo i really enjoy it when you slobber all over the cam :)
i'll be joining :)
it deserves a strike
are you ready for your prostate exam" is not being vague about it"
can't believe you even chose to play that game
deji played this game and kissed all the boys already
hi rizzo :3
we should bake him a cake
hello breezy :3
i want to watch it now just to learn who this isaac is
^
of course he would be your favourite
lovely first impression breezy is getting here
@izzyatzizzis you should, it's very good
@izzyatzizzis i can't wait even though i won't be able to play it myself
@izzyatzizzis no hardware good enough to play it
i don't think my poor laptop could even handle the loading screen
@izzyatzizzis it's fine, i generally prefer watching other people play anyway because i'm quite shite at games
@breezy02128 don't worry nevo is 48 so you're not that old
@izzyatzizzis i play easier games yea, or games that basically have a story mode" setting that is really easy"
@izzyatzizzis one of my friend's really likes them but i tried and i didn't even reach the first boss LOL
hi goosephat :3
@izzyatzizzis i have so much respect for anyone who can
@goosephatt sorry thought you just joined nevo1sSmiles
that's real though
goodnight best lebian!
you're just using chemical warfare atp
@goosephatt they're great
nevo you do seem like you'd make for a good horse girl
@nintendogsforswitch twiglets are fantastic
vegemite is amazing, it's so much better than marmite
@goosephatt no, but my grandma did grow up there so i had several australian things going up a lot
you're surprisingly good at geography
@bill_schitt kinda?
oh i feel kind of bad for him
if you do decide to play on new year's i'll put you on the big screen at the party i'm going to
@AnastasiaBvrhausen that's quite a lot of songs for that amount of time, especially if you're new to it or don't do it often
thank you x
@UjuziCC still have more than enough points for that too
wow can't believe simple simon is here
i think it depends on the child tbh
you probably should know
but i can also understand why you wouldn't
yea you also always point with your middle finger i've noticed
lies
it probably is mandarin for wood because i exists in vietnamese too and there it's a type of wood
i have an indonesian friend and he absolutely hates everything singaporean nevo1sSmiles
yea no you can say that because my friend keeps saying the same thing
@paulmccartneyy_ philosophy is fun but you're enjoyment of it is soo dependent on your teacher that if you have a slightly shite teacher it's such a shit subject
@AnastasiaBvrhausen can never see a muppet film too often
@UjuziCC i fully agree with you
@nintendogsforswitch wow @UjuziCC this is actually horrible to hear
@ttvbest_fortnite_player i had a nightmare recently where i heard someone doing the tickler ahh ahh ahh bit and i genuinely thought about never watching nevo or sneele again
bye ruddyplumbus!
nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sFrowns nevo1sFrowns nevo1sFrowns nevo1sFrowns
bye nevo :3
bye chat :3
shite still to join the stream to
hi chat and nevo :3
he's just supportive, i guess
still grim
@ThetaSigma01 hi theta!
@JamieEC does she just play or also dm, because if she dms too she might enjoy monster minis
actually very cool
it's head slowly nodding is quite creepy
good riddance!
i'm getting ill just seeing it
this is why is support the big woke
@lyraawr thank God
@UjuziCC but i also wouldn't be surprised if that is what it takes for him to notice nevo
you were a horrible bully
are* actually
very surprising, why are you the way you are if you weren't a theatre kid?
@Rizzo04 not a good thing, you don't want to know where that mouth has been
don't make fun of Oven for his name caht, he's really self conscious about it
how i'd love to pair his electrons" what does that even mean"
i can send you my diary, not that you'd be able to read it
talking with my mates in the dementia ward about watching nevo when i was in uni
@nintendogsforswitch of course!
biology is fun in bully
your special seed???? grim
hot tub stream :3
nevo1sNaeNae  nevo1sNaeNae    nevo1sNaeNae    nevo1sNaeNae    nevo1sNaeNae    nevo1sNaeNae    nevo1sNaeNae
@ThetaSigma01 toaster to take a bath with :3
@lyraawr that's such a rip-off
i can give you some surstromming, we still have a few cans in the cupboard
@bill_schitt i can send him the limburger cheese
it reeks
@Rizzo04 LMAO
or just wait for the few remaining hairs to fall out, getting there anyway
i like the beat on the song for this mission
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to goosephatt! They have given 30 Gift Subs in the channel! 
merry christmas indeed :3
don't want to see Edna happy, can't stand these little twerps
no there needs to be no opportunity for that
@JamieEC will there be a neither option?
as if there was ever going to be a christmas bonus anyway, stop lying to your mods
@AnastasiaBvrhausen another #winemum stream finally
@JamieEC the mass effect and dragon age games
@paulmccartneyy_ very true!!
YIPIE
the music actually slaps, no. 2 christmas EP definitely
the new bleachers christmas song
you're somhow always accusing new chatters, for this or for being pipe or nikita or something
at no point did you say you didn't want to do it though
woke mob trying to stop nevo from doing work for a nonce teacher and stealing panties
@paulmccartneyy_ just FIY that is a button that nevo has to press, you can fully just complete the quest without doing this
bro took a trophy, you vile creature
@UjuziCC and then he did a sniff test to see which one to keep for himself
stop defending it
i love geography
it doesn't raise blood pressure but does inexplicably make my finger start hovering over the 'unsub' button
just barely made it
no it can't
you can do this by yourself!
we believe in you
basically the same as andy murray :3
santa! you can't just call Jimmy a hoe!!
@UjuziCC no because he enjoyed that
@UjuziCC LMAO
goonight kacie :3
i love how bad rockstar is at fixing their games
@nintendogsforswitch he committed voter fraud so that he could vote for three mods, how nice of tomato tom
nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae nevo1sNaeNae
horrifying look
it makes sense that that ugly thing would be your son
i played it before but i got back into it because of you
somehow uglier than biguglyfattso as a baby
i'm hovering over the kill mii reward already
by rizzo :3
*bye
mr mii is struggling already
i like how we know only two things, one of which is izzy having brown hair and you've decided to give the mii blond hair
just looks like demonic horns now
hi sneele :3
@ruddyplumbus is it fun. i'm thinking of playing it because it looks fun
my father is getting a mug
i love the german obsession with dubbing everythng
i already follow you, also the only person i follow i think. just for your suggestion of after hours being good
noway pieface is 32 right?
nice keyboard
bit fruity
she has the same smile as you
i would watch but mute the stream probably
bye boommer!
bye best_lesbian :3
yes
i would love to watch jafaar play games
@folklohre LOL
@nintendogsforswitch i wish i was having halloumi fires
i could think of a few films i could do that with
already rented a dress for the nevvys
bye natehassoretummy!
yea i've seen him before
LMAO
i'm fingerblasting my nan's jelly is actually crazy
@paulmccartneyy_ maybe it's the special treatment she gets from him
wait i zoned out for a bit, who is this?
'ello charlie!
frosty can go and lick my carrot, shite streamer
frosty is going through a divorce and then he has to deal with this chat too
feel bad for frosty
why isn't he talking  to us?
does he hate us?
it looks close enough
nevo1sDoge was horrible, it's a good thing its gone
voting yes here would have set a dangerous precedent
it's going to be like 90% just being the most average fridges
you're a genius nevo
grandad plays minecraft
that was with the aldi song with the strange pope=jewish meme she inserted for one frame
something gets lost = best_lesbian
@JamieEC no, i think i just have an advantage having a background in linguistics
makes it easy to recognise speech patterns
bye nevo :3
goodnight chat ^w^
hi nevo and chat :3
are these the jingle cats?
@nevo1st meow
happy birthday nevo, maybe chat should chip in for a new cam :3
@best_lesbian definitely
@izzyatzizzis imagine if this was just some self torture and they don't even like them
is ironing that hard?
fair enough
i won't recommend big ole smelly fart, i'll just stick to pakistani rock :3
i have been festive since august
i thought we bullied frosty off of the stream
!sr merry christmas, please don't call
@paulmccartneyy_ chips
i hate the wilbur skin!!!
!sr merry christmas, please don't call by bleachers
big believer in nevo
i can't play on the 14th :(
well tbf maybe i can
will just have to cancel with my friends
@ThetaSigma01 was callums mum going to be on the server then?
@ThetaSigma01 you'll have competition (me) in winning over heart then
why are you such a big fan of him?
hi goosephatt :3
should have tried at least
i remember in english class we had to pretend to be a ww1 soldier who was writing a letter to their loved ones and it traumatised like half the class
yikes
don't die you knobhead
nevo you better not die
@ThetaSigma01 this is nowhere near all my points, i'm just greedy
please eat
if you lose from dying to magma i'll do you in
@nintendogsforswitch crucifying was actually horrifying, you're basically just dying from exposure
@nintendogsforswitch hi ave :3
you're actually wank
@Rizzo04 i have fond memories of butlins so i'd be happy to
survive and kill the ender dragon mate
that should be your plan
@JamieEC i get violent whenever he starts playing minecraft and i see that stupid yellow sleeve
!sr stay gold by first aid kit
wow, will there be a nevvy for meanest person because i'll be voting nevo
@AnastasiaBvrhausen isaac?
you wank twat
lost me my points
i'm going to lose all my points today i feel
have you tried not dying maybe?
@n_Four4 i'd kill myself if this happened
i'm always betting on yes
better not disappoint
@Rizzo04 sorry i've been a bit mean today, will refrain from being mean to you because you're one of the funnier chatters :3
can't go a single stream without feet being mentioned
i'm very normal you knobhead
tom is normal
just like i am
@best_lesbian you did eat 30 oranges
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-hDK76bIps
@nintendogsforswitch see i'm a believer but that's just a mad amount to gamble away basically
@nintendogsforswitch you're a great friend
you should do more hating on popular tv show characters
hard watch this
@ThetaSigma01 grim
@izzyatzizzis like how he just gave you a fact about your name instead of saying something nice
@izzyatzizzis don't worry there are more than enough chatters who appreciate you :3
you're taste buds are so off
i'm half tempted to try
spotify wrapped is always so boring because it never changes for me
i love this song
@ttvbest_fortnite_player dreadful could still be interesting though
not woke enough :3
semi skimmed is nice, but full fat is also really nice
!sr ragged wood by fleet foxes
so proud of you
5 preferably
stay out of there
horrible idea
my points are on the line
just don't risk it
my favourite thing about the minecraft streams is the lean forward because he can't make out the details on his screen
we can all see it
just open your eyes
why were you hiding like a wuss
run you knobhead
i should stop believing
stop flipping us off
the facebook mum lean-in is back !!!
1
1
2
1
LMFAO
lost me my hard-earned points you twat
gimpy gimpy dead boy
@ttvbest_fortnite_player you better use my points well!
gimpy gimpy dead boy
@ttvbest_fortnite_player at some point it will pay off, trust (i have no hope)
@ic3mini i love minecraft but this is a hard watch
this may be even better than the among us christmas album
there is more than one point on you winning
this music is great
this song is entering my christmas playlist rotation
the production value is crazy
guaranteed fail on that one
don't indulge him
i heard it's all freestyle as well
hi sneele :3
this is actually such a great idea and lyric
this is even making me want to music
this album is genuinely so amazing
i wish i even had like 1% of the lyrical genius that went into these songs
this song has metal-like influences and they sound great. i would love a full metal album
triabtrue and fivoo this album is amazing
this is one of the greatest christmas albums ever, anyone being nasty has no taste
@voinmaynkraft a streamer who doesn't know how to play minecraft
why do you have to think everything is weird?
it's just about cookies
EWWW
you wrongun
it's literally just an innocent song about cookies
weird perv
gimpy gimpy perv boy
I WOULD
just bun the ender dragon and build a nice little cottage with a flower garden
there is a pile of walking iron
just build a three high tower to hit it from
@bill_schitt can you start streaming, i want to watch something competent for once
i hope he dies in this minute
slay the ender dragon
rizzo for funniest nevling
announcing he's late nearly a week before the stream
OMG so wank
you can
you just won't get it to drop
this is just basic mc knowledge
3
we have to entertain ourselves with you providing the entertainment""
no it isn't
it's the worst one on the album
eat some carrots so you can see in the dark
@sneele_ he doesn't understand humour
there are supposed to be rules here?
it's not happening
please don't die here
@bill_schitt he's been running away and screaming like a girl the whole game
you get some diamonds to mine obsidian :3
i literally gave you the answer but said it was rage bait" knobhead"
restart and then fail to build a portal again
@paulmccartneyy_ LMFAO
3
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBpYk9vuneE
eat some bread, seeing your hearts not be full is making me nervous
no need for that because chat never agrees with you anyway
yes
i've been stressed watching you in near death experiences for the past hour
i managed to hit a milestone on a personal project earlier than planned
hi racist ryan :3
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfvEodNPQGs
goodnight best lesbian!
you have such a loser mentality, giving up at the first hurdle
LMAO
begging his viewers is a bit sad
LMAO
you're really getting done in today
this is fascinating to watch
messed it up
NO STOP
it's too small yyou knobhead
omg i have cramps from laughing
LMFAO
i woke my mum up from laughing too much
it really isn't your day today. i'm really starting to feel bad for you
no i'd watcj
we're finally going to the nether, i can't wait
LMAO
i thought you were ignoring it on purpose LMAO
the music is good at least!
LMAO
already clowning on you
who are they?
it's a good thing the music taste of chat is good, this definitely calms me down after stressing about nevo playing minecraft
@paulmccartneyy_ me :3
they have only helped you, so you should trust them
you're not going to use xray but were prepared to go creative
curious
you're nose is growing
this run might be it
LMAO
NOOOO
charlie told you they would attack you
thank you charlie for at least being honest to him
have you considered easier/more relaxing games
i'll be the last person playing then because i think i might be worse than you
@nintendogsforswitch glad i'm not the only one
bye nevo :3
goodnight chat ^w^
hi everyone :3
i was just listening to the fivo gaming triabtrue christmas album, i actually really like it
@paulmccartneyy_ everyone in the woke mob watches nevo
9/11
i miss chris david man :(
hi sneele :3
i also want to see hateful boyfriend
it's a good game
@paulmccartneyy_ will have to download it againg then, when did they take it offline
taking time off to be able to be there for nevnation 4 launch
is it because of the ears
antlers
LMFAO
i hate the tickler
how many subs for a buzzcut then?
i know a peruvian oil baron who would surely contribute
omg we have another ai scam artist
why do they keep trying?
her coat is way too nice to be a hobo
i have pc game pass and i think it's worth it
this looks so distressing
bless you
LMAO
this art channel was a great idea
i had some chicory with cheese and ham
it wasn't their whole dinner
@AnastasiaBvrhausen oh i completely forgot to try the cinnamon egg today when i ate some eggs
i really wanted to try
i remember when i was at uni in the netherlands there was this really cheap beer with a bunch of calories that i had for dinner sometimes
hi rizzo :3
erm i didn't get love triengle when i joined. what is this woke nonsense and why did i not get it??
@nintendogsforswitch would it still be a love triangle in that case?
@izzyatzizzis yes :3 i'm feeling left out now
@izzyatzizzis i like the name zesty squad
@Rizzo04 he just can't stop. not even when he's playing a game can he stop himself
i wouldn't want to kiss someone wearing that jumper either tbf
didn't you destroy their castle?
????
i genuinely think nevo can go like one hour without mentioning feet
can't*
you still believe because he employs you
LMFAO
is he kissable?
@Bigmanting1337_ that's real
@wigwad3 like the hit australian band gimpy gizzard and the lizard wizard!?!?!
@Rizzo04 he'd probably enjoy it
is this just mutually assured destruction between rizzo and anastasia
bit odd
20th!
wdym it's not the 17th. switched my shift from the 17th to the 18th and everything just be free for the nevvys???
this is great art
@Rizzo04 welcome back rizzo :3 we missed you
oh nvm
angelic voice
the mods working overtime because of these timeouts
all while not even having any union contract :(
@lyraawr the nevlings stand with the plight of the mods!
i'm just nice to rizzo, not crazy love or hate
do i have to pick a side?
LMFAO
why would you do that?
punch him
you're such a bad bully
most talented nevling
why does jimmy looks so mournful in the mission complete scene
not enough head movement nevo
good job, that head movement definitely made it better
@JamieEC actually grim
but it think i might have done the same
@nintendogsforswitch meow :3
LOL
average brit just repeating louder when a foreigner doesn't understand them
stop whining
you dragged it out longer than necessary but still 7.5/10
yea just stop the stream now
verbal contract btw
lola knows her worth though
hi luigi! big fan of your work :3
getting her some seed for her garden
unsubbing
bye rizzo :3
corny
i hate that word
so easy mate, don't see why you're struggling so much
@izzyatzizzis sonic colours one of the most fun sonic games. you have great taste
corny was one
crony*
only a man can get your spirits up
hi racist ryian :3
150
so mean
i feel so bad for her
you haven't, you just scammed a hard working non-ai artist!
you're ginger
that's why
just paypal her
they actually have their own currency
but they also use euro in many places
tbf most places also accept euro, they'll just scam you with the conversion rates
this is like one of those youtube tech tutorials where they communicate using notepad
better dancer than you
LMAO
no nevo you just hate working women
hi lu_cyy :3
what is a timeoutable offence?
i'll get right on it
hi paul!
lola like me fr
lola is so clearly a theatre kid
hi priscilla big fan of your work :3
@priscillarealart 150 euro
@priscillarealart go to the bank
i had her haircut in high school for a bit
euro is worth more
bye reyhanaa!
wow shanedawson is a lurker
LOL
@ThetaSigma01 don't you dare correct priscilla, she's never wrong
a second priscilla has hit the nevnation server
@Iu_cyy he is very ginger
hi itzkian :3
i love norton's massive hammer
stop lying
i'm in the process of paying priscilla right now
the real one
hi smellysoggysock!
it's bright red
LMAO
baldy baldy no perm for you boy
comb over
ew i just some lice burrowing in your scalp
literal creepy crawlies nesting in there!!!
i've seen some turk miracle workers tbf
he's hot
can't wait for the beef to enter the nevo twitch chat too
you're not dying enough for it to be a dark souls boss
yea but at least charlie's hair would grow back
EW
we all know who the real priscilla is
hi ujuzi :3
priscillabllyson
i'm loyal to priscillarealart
i'm sorry priscillarealart, you don't deserve the timeout :(
@UjuziCC someone is pretending to be priscillarealart (one of the best artists of our generation)
no way the timeout is already done
@ttvbest_fortnite_player thank you
hulkshart keeps timing out real priscilla
hulkshart
hi tom!
@priscillabllyson stop whining
thanks for the 150 euro mr nevo
the best priscilla is back
@priscillabllyson stop lying, everyone knows you're a FAKE
goodnight boommer :3
@graceann02xx he already has the achievement, this is just for his personal enjoyment
LMAO
woke mob ruining another pinnacle of culture
maybe you should stop stressing about stuff like this, this is probably the reason you're balding
@priscillarealart bye best priscilla!
i'm jealous of my grandad because he had a picture with henry kissinger
@ThetaSigma01 LMAO
goodnight fivoo and ave :3
do you not have toenails?
what would we be sorry for?
he's properly lost it
i've always redeemed it
you're genuinely not balding btw
genuine hapiness in that voice
i was genuinely just doing a bit of trolling
@Iu_cyy i've never seen him that happy
@bill_schitt first 24h nevo stream
bullying you is quite easy so fitting in is easy too
LMAO
me but not on purpose
i
hi breezy
this stream has been hilarious
your forehead looks like that big dome in vegas
@Iu_cyy we'll revolt if he even attempts to
@AnastasiaBvrhausen sorry, next time i'll play fair :3
i think you could probably be peer pressured into it
grim
gimp
bye gimpy gimpy not-bald boy
i won't mention the p word
goodnight chat ^w^
we'll be nice
promise :3
@UjuziCC definitely not
hi nevo :3
hi everyone ^_^
can't wait to join, literally gnawing at the bars of my enclosure
jumper looking extra crusty
me me me
ew my controls are fucked
the y axis is wrong
hi kacie :3
salami sofiye is horrible
@zynxoh thank you that's better
pls give out some food :3
grim
same, i'm just in some deserted village hiding for my oife
worse than jaime's meals
good luck izzy:3
he played ds1 a bit ago on stream and he honked
this is very fun
hi neevo and chat :3
can't believe you interrupted us playing minecraft for one of your streams
bro does not care about you
can we still vote this for worst stream bit?
woah buddy!
santa calling the police on you mate
LMAO
just stumbled upon it" sure pal"
one of my build ideas for the future was a bridge for trains. but i'll need a lot of copper for the idea i have LOL
can you keep it down a bit. inm concentrating on my build
nevo pls tp me back when you get to spawn again
i've always used it promise :3
don't worry @paulmccartneyy_ you're house was lovely
i like merimount too :)
very articulate today
i will not cross the picket line, i stand with the mods
fishing game
not that hard
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to kaig1703! They have given 30 Gift Subs in the channel! 
@bill_schitt you deserve this reaction from nevo just for misspelling my name :3
i also agree with lyraawr
it's also clear the griefers are just doing it for attention because it's fine when he isn't streaming
truly interesting topics being discussed here
i love these stories
can we go back to bullying frosty again
LMAO
twinsies nevo, i've also eaten pigeon
i giggled a bit
i still believe in nevnation 4
by everyone:3
this is some epic music
hi nevo :3
we can hear you lad
1
snacking on some apples rn because i'm so hyped for this
hi folklohre :3
better start soon, still need to pick the kids up from school
LMAO
this is already fantastic
kneevo
wow you look great
proper dress and everything
nasty boy
LMFAO big nevo fan jerome
if i win an award i'll be putting it on my CV
without the mods this channel would have failed long ago
triabtrue best announcer!
ew
WOOOO congrats AVE!!!
SCUFFED
#GOATAVE
another sweat stream
that's fantastic
THIS IS AMAZING
actually deserved the win, MASSIVE EYESORE
great prod quality
NEPTUNE NED = BEST NEVLING
COLE PALMER???
UNDESERVED WIN
nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune
no cole palmer fans here
OMG
NO WAY YOU GOT HIM TO DO THIS AWARD
OMG
THANK YOU GUYS
BELGIUM WILL BE SO PROUD OF ME
i have nothing prepared
wait i didn't even get a call
@JamieEC he isn't the brightest
@AnastasiaBvrhausen YOU DESERVED IT :3
why it moving like that
where was the trigger warning??
i hated that
WILBAHH
nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS
oh no
this was a competitive one
THE CHINESE WAS MINGING
THE VEGAN CHICKEN nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS
@JamieEC YOU CANNOT STOP US
LMFAO
didn't want to talk to you
fair enough
@paulmccartneyy_ i'd unsub
SAY SKIBIDI ETHAN!!!
THE BETTER COUSIN
YESSSSSS
GOWONNNN
rest in piss ian moore
stream is just bad bits constantly with some good bits thrown in randomly :)
GAY MEN WOOOO
this was horrible
these were all horrible
SO PROUD OF YOU LOT
mods working overtime right now
MENTAL GYMNASTICS there tom
NO
he didn't say skibidi
goodbye ethan
i don't even want to
YESSSS
OMG THE GOAT OF COOKING SHOWS
OF COURSE CHARLIE
WELL DONE CHARLIE FOR ANNOYING EVERYONE
a good day for the fam
YIKES
CHARLIE REDEMPTION ARC?
DAVE!!!
LET'S GO DAVE
LMFAO
these were all great tbf
SNEELEY
CONGRATS SNEELEY
being told to shut up in your acceptance speech is crazy
LOL
ICK
i love people who do it for free
HOT MALES??
COUNT ME IN
LMFAO
not the civ music
this is fantastic
i love having cristopher tin in my ear
@bill_schitt THISSSS
WTF NO WAY
LMFAO
YESSS
DESERVED
SIGMAGOAT
SIGMAGOAT
GENUINELY BEST STREAM EVER
@n_Four4 ?????
NO WAY
real" santa claus = AI santa claus"
LMFAO
EVEN FAILED WITH THE ADS
favourite?!
OH LET'S GO
YES
LET'S GO
SINGING ALONG AT HOME
MY HOUSE MATES HATE ME PROBABLY
this is actually good
SofiyeG is gifting 10 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 40 in the channel! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to at_zuko! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to cranstoon! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to peachteaxit! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to nurtiny! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to cobblep0tt! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to panglewang! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to kaesyuneos! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to TheMainGTimo! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to abdelrade! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to freya_maya09! 
LETS GO NEVVY'S"
this is mad
JESUS LORD
this is MAD
NO STOPPING THE NEVLINGS
LET'S GO RIZZO
SofiyeG is gifting 10 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 50 in the channel! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to bzjmn25! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to maxeau7! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to moonpiejenkins! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to hulkshartscat! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to hayden12345761! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to quickrevivemachine! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to idkcombo! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to kyberger14! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to alex_24urt! 
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to Black_Belt_Gaming34! 
crazy hypestream for a stream
@ThetaSigma01 i won't i promise
i just had to round it to 50
LMFAO
LETS GO TOM"
one person has it as part of their name
DESERVED
CONGRATIATIONS  FOLKLOHRE
BURPY BOY
FOLKLOHRE YOU LOOK AMAZING IN THIS PICTURE BTW
@bill_schitt don't they call you tomato tom :3
UJUZI CONGRATS
@bill_schitt i'll start calling you that then massive muscles tom
BleedPurpleHD BleedPurpleHD BleedPurpleHD
???
@sneele_ ????
@bill_schitt fair enough
LMFAO
hello anastasia's granny
@ThetaSigma01 wow how rude
GOOD JOB NEEVO
ANOTHER KACIE DUB
KACIE nevvy's sweep
@dipshittom i love your name
@bill_schitt was it aimed at you??
because then i dislike it too
@bill_schitt lmfao
BAHAHHAHAH
@n_Four4 guess what conan :3
this was funny wdym worst??
pulling it back????
NASTY BOY NEVO
LMFAO
ANASTASIA ACCEPTANCE SPEECH?
NOOOOO
ANASTASIA SWEEP
ANASTASIA WITH BOTH POM AND DEGEN LMFAO
WOOOOO ANASTASIA
ooooh spill the tea
LMFAO
@bill_schitt lol
WOW
DRAMA AT THE NEVVY'S
@folklohre so there is a chance for them?
LMFAO
@n_Four4 please don't
never heard of the game awards
i only know the nevvy's
KNEEVO
DUBBBB
@natehassoretummy so true
never seen you play it mate
FRANK MY LOVE
@bill_schitt better than NEEVO tbf
WOOOOO AVE
DESERVED AVETENDOGS
AVESWEEP
AVE YOU DESERVE THIS
AVE MENTION OMG
everyone loves AVE
@nintendogsforswitch YOU DESERVED IT
that anastasia impression was horrific
TERMITE SHOULD WIN
YESSSS
LMFAO
@Tashathetwat LOL
WTF IS HAPPENING
LMFAO
I LOVE HIM
I'VE STARTED USING THIS AT PARTIES BTW
LMFAO
THIS SOUNDS ACTUALLY SCARY
it sounds like my ear is being eaten out
my GOAT IC3MINI will win!
LMFAO
@Rizzo04 lmao
YESSSSSS
DESERVED
GOATMINI
GOATMINI
GOATMINI
GOATMINI
bro is dying while receiving the award
GET WELL SOON MY GOAT
LMFAO
i miss pipe (i really don't) :(
LOL
LMFAO
i love this
SNEELE !!!!
CONGRATS
LMFAO
this is great
STICKYYYYY
YOU DESERVED IT SNEELE
@n_Four4 YEA DO SOME STAND UP
LMFAO
<3
BAHAHAHAHAHA
EVERYONE WATCH SNEELE HE'S GREAT
@HulkShart lmfao
*clap clap clap*
LMFAO
this was the best stream ever so all worth it
LOVED THE STREAM
HOLY SHIT
LET'S GO ROB
I WOULD DONATE MORE IF I WASNT BANKRUPT RN"
lmfao
nevo this was great thank you for everything
you deserve all of it mate <3
this is great
bye boomer!
already the best stream ever
noooo
feel so bad for you
@folklohre so true!!! best country fr
lmao
i still have some gifts for ujuzi :(
this was a fantastic stream nevo
nasty
bye nevo :3
hi nevo and chat :3
sorry for being late
can't believe i missed the roblox segment
@bill_schitt i thought it would be, that's why i wanted to see it
oh wait right outside my tower, that's ideal
gimp
let me sniff you, i can tell you if you have BO
fin isn't in the wrong mate
his house is actrually the most christmassy one of the village
hi nevo :3
only nevo tiktok i've liked just because of kacie
@paulmccartneyy_ hi hi!
tom is way better than tadh tbh
tadh is actually a horrible name
i hate rizzo being ignored, actually hard to watch
oh nvm
sooo bad
actual numbskull
only level 1
he hates the rest of us
you definitely couldn't compliment everyone, don't lie
quit, retire
not even anastasia's fault, why did you try to keep uploading it
@AnastasiaBvrhausen and when it got banned he kept trying to reupload as well
was that your impression of homer??
had an omelette
asparagus
that's more than fair enough tbh
i would try to avoid half of the nevlings in chat too
ew
@ThetaSigma01 i never said which half :3
@JamieEC this would be way easier to than trying to get people to dox themselves
hulksh3SNEELEGUN hulksh3SNEELEGUN hulksh3SNEELEGUN hulksh3SNEELEGUN
you're a coward nevo
i think tomodachi life is fine but probably better for shorter segments and not full  streams or longer segments
actually so bad
not a bad idea for 1000 follower fortnite special
i would avoid it like the plague
lmao
bro thinks everything is about him
they still wanted the game to be sold in germany probably
@Tashathetwat i played the recorder growing up but i was horrible at it
take a deep breath
@Tashathetwat it's actually a thing, it's called foreign accent syndrome
@Tashathetwat yeah we interpret it like a specific foreign accent but that's just coincidence. neural damage causes it and the changes in accent sometimes happen to overlap with an actual existing accent
@JamieEC yeah that's quite normal, usually it resolves itself. and if speech therapy is used it goes even faster
can you tell him to fix his zip
lmao
the delay doesn't help with making it any funnier
oh i hate this
did you just kill these guys?
lmao
i love how chat is always on the same wavelength
LMAO
HONK HONK HONK
LOL
I WANT TO SEE YOU DO THIS
i hate it when you this
i actually can't watch this
i'm unfollowing
how long does it take you to boil some water
can you redeem the reward for someone else?
???? horrible twat
RIGHT YOU DESERVED THAT
LMFAO
yes
we missed you
it sounds like normal
it sounds the exact same
just so you know nevo it wasn't me
i love this stream tbh
kerloudd is my neighbour and i haven't seen him do anything bad (i dislike his tower though, a proper eyesore)
@anastasiabvrhausen he'd deffo find a way to rage at that too
probably a better first impression than you going me so preg" or talking about feet and burping"
bit weird of you nevo
sure pal, all i hear are excuses
it's just the quest!!""
@AnastasiaBvrhausen wow a game with actual player agancy
so much better than this
nevo1st
LMFAO
she could smell your minging pit stains probably
i know a bit of braille i probably could if i focused a bit more on learning to read braille quickly
you literally just issued a challenge
try wanking over this chat""
@Iu_cyy hi lucyy!
@panglewang he always only reeds the rankest chats
soy milk is fine, it tastes different to normal milk but i like it more with cereal
i absolutely love weet-bix with soy milk
literally a suggestion in the chat you read
civ 5 multiplayer is a very calming game :3
never had a dream like that, you're just weird
LMFAO
bless you
who is the gremlin hunching over behind the desk
didn't know rizzo was in the game??
@Tashathetwat this is class
how are we supposed to know
a pocket knife is fine as a gift for a 13 year old
we were forced to have them as scouts
@paulmccartneyy_ same, i actually hate it but i still wear them
you just think it's a great game because you get to sneak around the girls' dorm
awooga
first good impression i've seen you do
WOW HI RAIDERS
EWWW
nasty twat
rude but also very true
my glass exhibition box is gone :(
LMFAO
wasn't meant to do that" as he came charging at you swinging his fist"
!ip
???
LMFAO
the stumbling over your words in your justification really didn't help either
the batgame is fun
you're actually horribly mean
nearly dead from fall damage alone LOL
he is definitely not buying a mic stand any time soon
LMFAO
i should log off whenever you stream, watching you is so much funnier than being on the server myself
LMFAO
this is too funny
what did i do???
you're going to die in less than a minute again
bless you
already dead lmao
who is kacie raging against
i'm sure they deserve it though
i have an idea of which people are definitely not griefers
2
or e gapples
who says you would win the mayoral race
the house i'm building can be used as a mayoral house, i'll just be the live-in
definitely wait with an election for a bit
easiest vote of my life
i like building
but i want to finish my house first
lol
lmao
yea that would also be nice because it's on a hill
i think the spot with the community enchanter is a bit small to house a political building
i might take a look after i'm done with my build and see about turning that bit into a small community library
this is actually shocking
@bill_schitt would such a plugin only allow you to open it, or also people you trust" or something similar?"
@bill_schitt yeah that actually sounds like a good system
LMFAO
@bill_schitt i know both lu_cyy and theta have had problems, but those are the only ones i know for certain
i know oh and rizzo
maybe don't say that!
authoritarian os probably a better word to use
it's actually a very fun game
i feel embarrassed that nevo is so much better at this than me
it's actually crazy how much better you are at this than me
it's fine honestly
bye nevo!
bye chat as well :3
civ 5
hi nevo
and hello everyone else :3
this accent kills me every time
i like how 50% of the time he correctly pronounces necrozmatic's name and the other times he just mispronounces it
@SomeAutist1cGuy i asked my sister to take the pic because she has an iphone, because i tried with my android and it was shite nevo1sSmiles
i've recognised you before too, just didn't want to come up to you because you smelled rank
finally a live among us christmas album performance?
looks a bit like you that
put my toes up to my cam so he had something to smell
@ThetaSigma01 don't you start :3 nevo1sFrowns
hi sneele my favourite streamer!!
it doesn't sound like that on his own stream normally
it's just sneele's mic
hi hulkshart!
@ic3mini i think that's just his face
@luxembourgz99 at a 1000 followers
pierogi looked good
this all looks good can't lie. i love pierogi it's amazing
P for pierogi
@JamieEC yeah but you hate anything european :3
the woke mob have lit their torches!
this looks like dog sick
hi folklohre!
PIPEFRAUD
i like the potatoes though
@JamieEC yeah it looks like leather
the peas look like plastic
you can still move around later
LMFAO
PIPEFRAUD
i agree sneele
should be put on a list if you add mushy peas to a roast
the yorkshire's look old and withered
there is no colour so it's shite
this looks like the dream meal
it looks like salmon
@nintendogsforswitch parsnips are the best
this look like a meal i get at my uni canteen
i'm keeping a list of people who i'll start bullying after this
i would have liked to see some green
@nintendogsforswitch it makes the meal in my opinion
this actually looked good, i remember liking this
never enough sprouts!!!
@lyraawr only odd thing on here
pigeon looks better than this
@Rizzo04 microdosing the woke
it is
i think it's because you zoomed in too much mate
if this is in a restaurant you should ask for a refund
the gravy looks like mud soup
i've seen my great grandparents meal during the war and they looked better than this
C is fair with some of those things you have in D
i like the keychain
no an autism tier would be fine
@nintendogsforswitch green :3
the metal would help with your daily minerals
it looks good
i would have liked to see some carrot or parsnip
you're so mean nevo
red cabbage is fantastic
@Necrozmatic_ then it's better
see i have a reason not being british, but if you're british you're supposed to have them
@UjuziCC i'm ignoring his commentary
it isn't you lot are just odd
amazing christmas attire
@JamieEC cauliflower cheese is amazing tbf
the meats look fantastic
i think this is one of the first a tier contenders
@JamieEC more gravy and some sprouts
fair enough in that case
look like a right melt
this is a tory starter
LOOKS AMAZING SNEELE
s tier is mad though
A is acceptable
@Rizzo04 the 1% christmas dinner
??????
could have made it look nice at least
I FEEL BAD FOR YOU every year""
this is not a cocktail
it's on a plate
adding halved tomatoes is also insane
this looks like rabbit food
LOOK AT IT??
I HATE IT
@xyzxxxy are you a starving child?
i'd rather eat the soles out my shoes than that beef
the rest looks good though
did you splooge on the dinner??
@bill_schitt that makes it sound worse than it probably is
if that's C your prawn cocktail should be in F
that chicken is drowning
what is the drink? that might change my judgement
@aydexe nevermind it's F tier :)
this looks great
it looks complete and i can't see anything that shouldn't be there
@Tashathetwat ??
i would scran the shit out of this
solid A in my opinion
i like the addition of broccoli
alex do you deliver?
@Tashathetwat voted with my alt account too, do i get more?
i like seeing some parsnips finally
the sausages look a tad bit overcooked but that's really the only criticism i can think of
@Iu_cyy well as long as they tasted fine i have nothing to complain about here
sneele you need a check up at a clinic?
B is a good place for that
F tier nevo1sSmiles
it actually looks good, i love the veg
the potatoes look raw
@HaireHDB this and the prawn cocktail" don't know why anyone listens to him"
@nintendogsforswitch ^^
the chicken looks like sand paper
A tier is insanity
get these two gone
rizzo's is miles better than yours
the burger and prawns also shouldn't be in A tier
could do with some more veg but apart from that it's great
more veg required!!
not enough veg
@nintendogsforswitch should stop streaming and retire these two
the biggest tory in the discord this
all that wealth but no taste :(
we've all seen the vid from the restaurant
the asparagus in bacon is good
@AnastasiaBvrhausen he won't because he's a coward
@Iu_cyy a tier for some reason
i stand with you lucy, this is outrageous
bye lucy!
what is the fucking gruel?
conan needs to be studied
@bill_schitt nah that's one of the redeeming things on the plate
get conan out of the call, his opinions might be worse than the opinions you two have been putting out
@bill_schitt we had them all the time, but then asparagus is one of the most common vegetables around here
the plastic cheese is not helping
the sprouts are burnt too
the cheese looks like plastic
sauce on the sprouts is good tbf
this looks good
the only thing i want to ask is if the chicken is always supposed to be ghastly white in the uk
parsnips are phenomenal
lower than B is insane
@Rizzo04 i thought it looked like an among us character
it's one of the first actually good pictures though
i like everything around the plate
on the plate itself it gets tricky
C tier is too high
the peas look vibrant
bye rizzo :3
is that cranberry sauce in the middle?
why are you using a magazine as placemat?
@HulkShart fucken love onion bhaji
i would love this at christmas
@boommer69 most indian meals are eaten with your hands yeah
lots of indians don't celebrate christmas  anyway
i really like this
@boommer69 we also do it with some meals as well traditionally , but i can understand it might look weird to an outsider
B is low in my opinion
nevo hating viewers again
nasty bugger
looks like christmas dinner at ours before we made the rule no smoking at the dinner table""
this looks phenomenal
@paulmccartneyy_ that was such a culture shock for me, i thought we had dinner early and we ate at 6pm
the gravy looks like water ngl
you'd think you'd be better at this by now, but your opinions are still shite
not zoomed in enough for it to be a nevo pic
@nintendogsforswitch ^
sneele are you seeing things?
@lyraawr should have their licenses revoked
@UjuziCC i started to worry when he did that
this looks better than some christmas dinner's on the tier list
the prawns are worse mate
the tofu looks like the famous tv character bernd das brot
@Iu_cyy yeah that's the one, i loved watching the show he was on
gravy looks good
@Iu_cyy lmao yea!
baileys with the dinner is criminal
@ttvbest_fortnite_player fighting for your life  but they just don't want to listen
yes i am
peach
close enough
carpaccio, cucumber and pesto
@folklohre exactly, we take out the fancy stuff only for christmas
thank you folklohre :3
bit greedy with the yorkie tower
@xyzxxxy we're just better :3
this one is also great
S tier
green beans = automatic S
the meat looks sad
such a wholesome picture
looks like that ceo from steam
tiramisu is great, we had some too @HaireHDB
S tier btw
@HaireHDB nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles
there is some more up a bit
there are like three more or so i think
this is good, the thin sliced meat is a bit meh though
2 meats is a must have
i like sprouts but even i think that might be a bit much
hung up on you mate
food waste should be a lower tier automatically
@sneele_ unsubbing from you mate :3
missed out on my 2nd christmas dinner :(
that was hilarious
scroll up a bit more for my 2nd christmas dinner btw :3
the colour is distressing
it deserves s tier
missed my 2nd christmas dinner mate
it looks good
4 yorkies is the gluttony that my pastor warns me against
i would love to watch some bully
i haven't been on during christmas. can't wait to be back on tomorrow
i'll mute my mic
could do with a floor
that dirt lighthouse is kerloudd's i think
i've been waiting for you to do that
bye luxembourgz!
i have an idea for a next build but don't want to spoil yet nevo1sSmiles
cheated to get that
that ugly tower is kerloudd's
@folklohre is it finally finished, can't wait to swing by because i need it :3
bye jay!
i love the doctor who audio dramas
i listen to them all the time
xyzxxxy asking you to strip
tp me nevo :3
just joined
new to the server as well
LMFAO
reform" as in reform uk???"
bit dodgy mate
you'll build that yourselves or will you force others to do it?
half-arsed campaign
jamie is not a constituent, he lives miles off
mayoral candidate already assassinated
bye boommber!
i can be contracted for any building you need nevo, do charge a hefty fee but i'll deliver
triabtrue sound more convincing than you, you could learn from him nevo
any person who promises to tear down the tower will get my vote
who is the queen of merrimount then?
hi ryan!
i'm always so perplexed at how far some people have already gone in this server
so advanced i don't even recognise half the stuff they own
@Ryanavfcc i have like 2 and both were gifted to me lmao
@Ryanavfcc i will not run but i appreciate the support :3
@HaireHDB i would give you some but i don't think i have any anymore :(
@HaireHDB i'll be on tomorrow and check, i might still have some stacks
new year's day is good
sorry i et all the honey i had nevo
just switched my vote :3
can i nominate priscilla for funniest nveling 2025
it's like a shite game of whack-a-mole
pipe's accent is interesting
(my professional linguist opinion)
lmao not priscilla :(
happy birthday johnny pork
@jayc365ud you can't it's just java
@bill_schitt he tp'd like 4 times already, but won't even consider helping you
i want to see your bluerays!!!
the election will be the final nail in the coffin for merrimount i fear
how can anyone consider this boring?
S tier blueray to start off
it being in german is funny
grim
do you have any westerners?
westerns*
it's not consumerist imo
(i also do this)
LMAO
i would love to have that
the shining is the one film everyone likes that i just couldn't really get into
@i_zz_yyy don't say this too loud or he'll say he isn't your friend too
oh i own these dvd's
@JamieEC dvd is amazing
@JamieEC too technical for me but i'll trust you
this tower looks unsteady af
@xyzxxxy most will probably just stream it
@xyzxxxy exactly why is prefer dvds
i love all these german versions
please stop putting them on the tower, i'm so nervous
fantastic collection, lacking in the westerns department imo but still great
the cam looks so funny now that you've pointed it up
jerma angle
grim
should be barred from public places
NOOOO
someone clip that
bye nevo, i hope none of them broke!
bye chat as well :3
@paulmccartneyy_ thank you :3
hi nevo, can't wait to see dobby :3
good evening everyone as well!
no audio
SofiyeG subscribed at Tier 1. They've subscribed for 3 months, currently on a 3 month streak! dobby is my favourite hp character
it sounds fine to me, but my audio has never been great anyway
@paulmccartneyy_ and then get annoyed when he can't finish the build
callum's corner's lore master
LMAO
why did your nose looks smaller when you smiled?
no if it's 100 bits you'll never finish
@bill_schitt saw right through me
hello!
!so adventuresandnaps
i've never really engaged with it
i have seen it once when my friends forced me to watch it, but i fell asleep for most of it nevo1sSmiles
welcome raider!
ginger like hermoine tbf
i love the constant struggle with their name
me and my sister had this big box of random legos and instead of playing with them i used to just sort them as a child
@Born2Shit_Forced2Wipe i had these plastic boxes with dividers you could remove and it was amzing for sorting
there goes the rizzo redemption arc
is that not his upper body
@SmellySoggySock pecker in the shape of a pincer
yea i can see them
between the grey pieces
it didn't sound different to me in the first place
@paulmccartneyy_ precisely, it hurts to watch this already
purple and bruised
does a dono count too, asking for a friend?
we have to be tactical with this chat nevo1sSmiles
@Born2Shit_Forced2Wipe i really liked that
@Born2Shit_Forced2Wipe i loved his recent cooking stuff, and exploring random countries
!sr diamonds and rust by joan baez
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrVD0bP_ybg
!sr diamonds and rust joan baez
i can already see dobby
@TheMainGTimo slightly redeeming yourself here
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9v8jLBrvug
@paulmccartneyy_ maybe because he was just used to it so the familiarity of it was comfortable
!sr wolf first aid kit
what are we looking for?
i can see them i think
just overturned i think
please turn them over!
is it possible they mixed up pieces from two different bags?
i agree @ThetaSigma01
@ThetaSigma01 sorry sorry i won't make the mistake again
only time i've had a missing piece is when i misplaced a piece and couldn't find it
criminal
wonky cam
already being wound up by chat nevo1sSmiles
didn't think a lego stream could be this stressful @TheMainGTimo
we've all seen the clips, don't lie
@Born2Shit_Forced2Wipe it does
@Only_Bloo f1 legend
hello lucy!
because you're small
i don't think chat thinks that's funny though
so we'll just keep comparing you to dobby
a shoddy workman blames his tools or something
those are not sausage fingers
@Tashathetwat i would love to, but i know it's impossible for some people here
LMAO
PLEASE DON'T LOSE THE PIECES
don't talk about spreading his legs?!?!?
LMAO
that was great
@paulmccartneyy_ he is never finishing this is he
@AnastasiaBvrhausen spoilers nevo1sFrowns
very bad idea
but fun though
@LlightningMcQueef he's building a custom lego set of himself
it literally went everywhere
this was the best stream idea yet
@Rizzo04 going to find the two pieces he couldn't find at the start in a couple of years
@paulmccartneyy_ didn't he also call her a cow?
@Rizzo04 it looked really fun
@Tashathetwat not nevo but i suggest any civilization game nevo1sSmiles
@TheMainGTimo he's bad at every game..
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owRIiDl4pJ0
@Born2Shit_Forced2Wipe what did you order?
wait is the 2x1 piece with a single thing on top supposed to go there already?
@Born2Shit_Forced2Wipe was about to get offended but now it's fine nevo1sSmiles
@Born2Shit_Forced2Wipe diamonds and rust by joan baez
yeah close enough to how you pronounce it
@Rizzo04 i always just get the smallest burger possible for that price
do they?
@Necrozmatic_ as in most listened to or who you liked the most?
@Rizzo04 fantastic choice
thank you i knew they were in the wrong place
@Rizzo04 knowing you that isn't such a special thing
bye jamie!
@UjuziCC he's very clearly visible on the middle left of the screen
the gray shirt could be the cloth he wears as well
who put this music on?
@ThetaSigma01 it isn't a separate song on youtube so it won't work
@realKDY20 do you speak dutch?
@realKDY20 so how did you discover this song?
@realKDY20 ah yeah that makes sense
i don't know why but this is making me so nervous
bum fluff?
hello reyhanaa!
you and lego dobby look like mirror images of each other
@paulmccartneyy_ you are always such a great addition to stream
he already crawled on the floor so bending over isn't that bad
offending someone's sr here
don't put yourself down like that
@Rizzo04 well it is lego, probably quite hard to make soft
crustiest sock imaginable
@UjuziCC i think there are a few others possibly
skip please :3
my mum gets angry whener ladbaby starts playing
@Born2Shit_Forced2Wipe that was the hope
ears bleeding listening to this
we can all hear it
sadly
EW
filthy grim twat
you shouldn't be allowed near dobby
YES DOBBY'S FEET
@bill_schitt waited with mine just so you could get yours in because i've seen you struggling
give em a gobble
it looks wrong
it looks better
don't teslas just do that though, randomly explode i mean
!sr sexy to someone clairo
@reyhanaa they can't handle anything, so you would think they can't handle milk either
probably a piece for the inside structure
don't tell me that was supposed to be a scottish accent?
are any of those many people" real"
they don't look identical
LMFAO
i could watch this for days i think
@TheMainGTimo don't be mean to nevo's hands
@paulmccartneyy_ wouldn't even call it taste
i keep hearing tipperary instead of temporary
!sr rainbow connection
i absolutely love those things
LMAO
@reyhanaa i get so annoyed because i keep wanting to correct him but he'd probably misread it again
is this the miku song?
nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune
@AnastasiaBvrhausen something my illiterate grandad has said word for word
yea it looks quite natural
i don't think those glasses specifically fit you best, but rounder glasses would be really natural on you probably
rude to immediately assume that
@Iu_cyy what gin would you suggest someone who doesn't drink gin often?
lmao
@Iu_cyy thank you, because that soapy taste is what kept me from drinking it really
has your lazy eye even
just a little jest
what is part 2 of that? ranking viewers' feet?
it looks too short
i think most people'd be finished by now
well i wouldn't say beautiful
@bill_schitt he has to do it on purpose right
actually looks like you
chat can we stop calling nevo ugly
wow nevo looks good today
it didn't
!sr oh my heart r.e.m.
@SmellySoggySock i'll only ever request peak nevo1sSmiles
are you sure it's really missing or is like the other twenty missing pieces
dobby can noddy
@Tashathetwat i assume you requested this nevo1sSmiles
dobby should consider a trip to turkey as well
would either explode or get like 5 views per tiktok
bit stiff
pipe?
@Tashathetwat not yet
i played them but they really weren't great
tears for fears really is amazing
@bastardofbolton we tried getting him to do that but he just refuses nevo1sFrowns
!sr highwaymen the highwaymen
thank you
feel calm already
watch with my cousins all the time and it's so relaxing
@Hrodebert02 LMAO
sweats ruining the donation game :((
i hate glass tea cups
bit too sensual that
@SmellySoggySock no i put this on nevo1sSmiles
@Born2Shit_Forced2Wipe don't worry, it's better than your typing last night
@Born2Shit_Forced2Wipe for parts, i was with friends so i didn't always read everything as it happened
legos actually look so edible
@Rizzo04 nevo1sFrowns nevo1sFrowns nevo1sFrowns
did not pay attention to the hypothetical, can you repeat it?
sometimes honesty is not necessary @Rizzo04
???
can i resign from mod duties?
brat??
how do you genuinely misread every name
@paulmccartneyy_ wait he releases you from your handcuffs, i don't have that privilege
@bill_schitt he started talking louder when you said this
i actually love seeing callum's stuff
don't watch him so whenever someone shares a clip i eat it up
MAHOOSIVE RAID
nasty
nurse he hasn't taken his meds again
!sr just breathe pearl jam
this is giving me anxiety
LMFAO
literally sometimes my jaw hurts from laughing watching your streams
@bill_schitt it is
more rem
let's go
did you need to pause rem for this
bye smellysoggysock!
he actually looks great
this is amazing
there is like an audience of 3 people who are interested probably
i like how he complained about missing pieces like 10 times but there were never any missing
when you get a lego set it's definitely fun to watch you build for stream
horrifying thought
bye blurry cam bestie webcam, you won't be missed
sure pal...
that brown colour better not be related to your fart you just let out
looks a bit like you're featuring in a 2008 music video
he does not want to be here
he looks dapper
it is a bit loud
not way too loud or anything
it does feel like it's getting louder
no it dind't
completely different
clap clap clap
my friend keeps showing me his ds3 characters and they're always really fat
i didn't even realise music was playing
over half of the song queue just being callum is really funny
@Born2Shit_Forced2Wipe pee permission
10 points?
that's cheap
i couldn't even make it to the boss in this game
@paulmccartneyy_ i was looking it up as well
@paulmccartneyy_ it's nice having someone explain stuff
basically all my 40k points are from believing one time
@bill_schitt i can't imagine because i never even made it past the first boss
grim
is that from stressing about missing lego pieces?
don't feel afraid, you can cry with us
bye everyone :3
hello everyone :3
does nevnation 4 kill?
TWAT
panglewang keeps giving out head
already gave it to me to
FAKE STREAMER DOESN'T SAY HI TO HIS FANS
the tower is worse because it was blown up in parts i think
and people tried fixing it
i say just do a normal sever, just not snow biome again
filled with some true wisdom this
a lot of non wisdom as well
MASSIVE SOME MIGHT SAY
courtroom hasn't looked nicer
i also had quite a nice time but i was also never griefed or anything
back it up for the future nevo digital archive after you've gone clear
hi rizzo :3
pangle did mostly
not that it could get much uglier
NOT EVERYONE REPLANTED
sometimes the fields were just ravaged
maiva's builds were nice tbf
worst choice imaginable
panglewang did
panglewang beat the dragon
i had wanted to finish the house but got annoyed halfway through and put it on pause
yes it was
that castle is kerloudd's i think
multiple men a vc calling domeoen to blow it" is crazy"
hope it didn't hurt too bad
unbelievable, this can't stand
can't be caught watching a streamer with no fashion sense
the music on my mc is quite epic now, better blow up soon
where even is kacie's stuff or is it still near the treehouse
islands would be cool
this is where Dostoyevsky spent his time when ve was ina gulag
this is so satisfying to watch
horrible place getting destroyed
tp me too pls
Hello
literally the only place still standing
bro i'm not that fast
do you want the wedding venue at the gate?
or inside
rolled back the fuxking wedding venue you gimp
feel quite happy with this venue now
this will end up in some angsty nevo fanfiction
rizzo eloped with someone else, sorry to break the news
boycotting this marriage
they ain't using my venue for this
i'm not blaming anastasia for this
wedding went to shit immediately
hi tasha!!
just missed the wedding
can't believe there was no best man or maid of honour nevo1sFrowns nevo1sFrowns
this is some cia blacksite
can't hear a thing
will be sending you the specsavers invoice for a hearing aid
shartberg got blown up i think
jamie is the alzheimer's patient who escaped the ward
an actual build
hi fivoo!
my hearing is genuinely gone after this stream
it's really loud
you should not have opped so many people
lmao
you absolute gimp
of course that makes sense
why would /stop just stop the noise
LMFAO
the great nevnation purge
banned from a server named after yourself is embarrassing
can't wait for nevnation 4 to start guys!
not right now
it should be a big thing
you were in mismatched pjs for your wedding
crazy
i've seen it but still explain for me
my special interest is some obscure language  or history of a specific region
who would write the questions?
!sr if it be your will leonard cohen
!sr i'm not your mind king gizzard & the lizard wizard
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-3_RpYWXs8
am i on the list mate :)
@Rizzo04 playing for less than 5 minutes
it works, it's just shit like always
THETA SIGMA THE GOAT
SofiyeG gifted a Tier 1 sub to boommer69! They have given 52 Gift Subs in the channel! 
@bill_schitt what a suggestion
you should be kissing my feet or something
when watching you play this game i keep feeling like the are ya winning son" dad"
@Iu_cyy the bald head too
i don't even know my specialist subject
i'm going to have to pick a specialist subject which isn't even my specialist subject just so you can come up with questions
@Rizzo04 logan paul
i like how some people actually put good music in the queue and others put stuff like the logan paul apology
read my mind anastasia
did you give up on the crystal woman btw
sorry i haven't been paying attention
we might want to remove the song just added from the queue btw
you are going to have to create some really hard questions
give her some flowers
baby throwing his toys out the pram
hard watch this
i actually feel bad for nevo
@Iu_cyy he basically retired it a week ago or summat
shreks obby?
not opening roblox for this shite
he's going to get griefed in this too
sorry luxembourg i already voted
hate for tom transfers to his suggestions?
have two people added on roblox and it's you and an irl friend
don't ever pull that face again
hi stampylongcock :3
actually feel blessed to be amongst these film stars
star struck
everything you touch turns to shite
pooey midas
calm down
already broke the game nevo1sSmiles
don't groan as you're pushing into the desk
rizzo has a nice pair on him
@Rizzo04 first thing he gave you
please play the song queue again
this is not winning
inflated belly?
that could work
i don't actually think you can in this
nevo doesn't know the meta of giving everyone else 1 star
why is there a wand coming out of its arse
it isn't pinned
3 stars only is crazy
1 star this
1 star
@hlkfjojhty which actor even looks like nevo?
lmao
embarrassing
if they knew you would've been last
yolk on the outside of his shell?
@Rizzo04 sometimes?
you're being paid for this??
hello remy!
i love it when you do the facebook mum lean-in closer to see what's happening on your screen
kacie looks slay though, unlike you
this looks horrible
this looks like a failed white rapper
i've genuinely not heard nevo read a first chatter's name correctly ever
LMFAO
wtf was that
not 5 stars though i noticed
@AnastasiaBvrhausen yours was clearly better
losing again with this
this is great
is twinkle twinkle a nursery rhyme?
i thought it was just a song
of course you didn't win with that
but i also don't think you'll ever win in a viewer lobby
why was that the first thing you thought of?
nah xyz it's breaking fashion norms with this
no way you're pulling that off
if you do fair enough though
bless you
i'm actually impressed
no that was from before
don't yawn at that
awfully mean
again i say 5 stars
@hlkfjojhty i respect you for going against conventional fashion
if i don't see a muppet in this round i'll be angry
@Born2Shit_Forced2Wipe it's also a puppet, like one you control with strings and sticks from above
in the sock drawer probably
would have told you but you decided to put on a snarky voice reading out my message nevo1sFrowns
the hat is floating sadly
no pissing for two days again nevo1sFrowns
looking cute
how long is a redeemed time-out again
thank god because we never want to see those things again
deserved
i understood it, but i would've still voted one star
good thing because i'm about to fall asleep too
end and retire
@AnastasiaBvrhausen ^^
bye nevo :3
bye chat!!
'ELLO NEVNATION
and hello nevo :3
pikmin would be a great stream game
i'd rather have the shrek music than constant fart sounds
noone clip this
fantastic clip mate...
retire...
@lu_cyy he's too stiff for a dance stream
no way shrek's the best
person next to me in the bus just looked at my screen and she immediately frowned at this game
that's me with ice age and that was used for my autism diagnosis
it wasn't the only reason of course, but it was a contributing factor
you actually think you're the main character
@boommer69 do you even play crab game a lot? or was it just a one of thing
a shrek mmorpg would be great tbh
willing to bet on that nevo?
mate not like i'll be in a weatherpoons any time soon...
cringe...
don't say that, you'll just jinx it
good clip would be you announcing your retirement
you would be fiona because your hair is the same
not as scary as the gimp on the middle left
@n_four4 ds is the only game he is remotely okay at
bit mean
game audio is fine
hi maiva, bad news... :3
i really don't think you will beat the game this stream
probably going to ragequit again
puss in boots is clarse tbf
not in the latest film though
what...
your feet do smell like some cheeses so some rats might go for your toes tbh
you got stuck on moving a pumpkin for what i swear was like an hour
a copper...
i could do it but i'm not doing it for that
i'll have to make a reddit account for your shite reddit
@born2shit_forced2wipe i've genuinely just never had a reddit account
he did something bad right?
eat it
nasty 🤢
everyone has a price
you can't see most mold
@n_four4 who should be unmodded according to you?
i think jamie's current name might be worse
my power just cut out nevo1sFrowns nevo1sFrowns
what did i miss these past five minutes or so
belgium mentioned!!!
@bill_schitt isn't that quite normal though, i have this as well
@paulmccartneyy_ i already have one and that's more than enough for me
this looks a bit like the casino area in sonic adventures
@paulmccartneyy_ can we exchange sisters nevo1sSmiles
CONGRATS NEVO
@n_Four4 controversy after that!!
hi thetasigma!
LMFAO
shrek comeback incoming
whoever?
@ThetaSigma01 nevo has never been fair..
i don't
don't want to squad up with you, would lower my win ratio
are you going for a custom map for nevnation 5 then? because i think it would be quite hard with natural generation to get tropical islands
because you want to look like king ian
has jamie ever played this btw?
@AnastasiaBvrhausen should probably prepare for the worst in that case, no way this squad is winning
i'll put some points on yes just so people can win some points
i don't think you do
@paulmccartneyy_ boommer is the only funny one in the squad
i don't get it, please explain the joke :)
jamie moves like a bot
LMFAO
conan i actually see what you mean with elders react now
LMFAO
@paulmccartneyy_ delete my message, don't want to credit the wrong person
@Rizzo04 i can do it too, i'd have to turn on a vpn to vote anyway
@n_Four4 saw it and saw nothing wrong with it
LMFAO
could have told him what it would do
nevo we don't want to hear you singing
only boommber
@paulmccartneyy_ ave you seen this great new game
EWW
my ears are bleeding
i want reimbursement for my next specsavers appointment for my ears
why does jamie say erm guys" like logan paul in the forest video"
all nevo's fault
can we kick him out the squad
@paulmccartneyy_ he's definitely not inviting tasha now
my grandad's bike had headlights like that
he's dead
@AnastasiaBvrhausen don;t worry, if you had sent that to the other message it would have been funny too
no it was
LMAO anastasia
you would definitely make it worse
don't be yourself at least
no the content i want from jamie is a milk tier list
he's shaking
LMFAO
invite jamie, simon would love him
this is actually amazing
we need jamie in here RIGHT NOW!!
BAHAHAHA
THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE
this is the worst squad possible
no-one voting yes lmao
LMFAO
he's worse than jamie
check map to see where he is
call him bestie at the end of the game
LMFAO
teaching simple simon slang
@Iu_cyy biggest nevo stream moment of 2025
LMAO
BAHAHA
good pick tbh
nove explaining furries to simple si is summat i'd never thought i'd see
@n_Four4 ^^
getting your first vic royale of the day would be crazy
with simple si
i actually cannot believe this is happening
@MorCou_ simplesimon8
LMFAO
@i_zz_yyy no it's just jamie pretending to be simple si
new viewers and already insulting their names nevo1sFrowns
@ruddyplumbus don't worry, no-one voted yes
@n_Four4 looking to see if you have a chance?
LMFAO
luxembourg is amazing tbf
also cheap tobacco
no way you're asking him this
can still see him shaking
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 make-a-wish
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 nevo
LMFAO
BAHAHAHA
the biggest nevo stream of 2025 this
this is amazing
simple si learning about wallace and gromit speedrunning
he would be griefed immediately on nevnation 5
exchanging chat up lines with simple si
2 wins with simple si, dare i say he's the best fortnite player that has featured on the nevo stream
@AnastasiaBvrhausen he was considering it for a bit lmao
LMFAO
don't say aaah
@panglewang no it's just jamie pretending
@panglewang simplesimon8
not the termite impression
@sammydodgers01 his only good impression
LMAO morcou
that's hilarious
3 wins would cement simple si as the best fortnite player on this stream
@ttvbest_fortnite_player better get rid of that title soon, simple si is coming for it
LMAO
CRAZY
i can't believe this happened
i think most of his chat already checked you out
fantastic stream
bye nevo!
goodnight chat :3
hi nevo
hi chat :3
i like this song
i don't think any stream could top last stream
i hate how you always point with your middle finger
sounds good mate
SHREK SWEEP
i loved it
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-3_RpYWXs8
@conradwba makes we want to be a better version of myself
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-3_RpYWXs8
horrible bot
it was funny when you had it one while playing with simon
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-3_RpYWXs8
!sr don't delete the kisses wolf alice
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4uA85iWsIg
hi lucy!
get him on nevnation and i think it might match the fortnite stream
i would have never made it through this as a kid
my attention span couldn't handle this
please never say that again
nevermind turn song requests off
how would he come back though, he would need to be revived
@HaireHDB impossible to miss now, thanks
1
@luigimangione2024 saw he added it to his spotify playlist already
!sr throw your arms around me neil finn, eddie vedder
horrible little ginger
sound exactly like him
!songlist
@boommer69 like that
ew why was you breath green
i don't remember a single scene
oh nevermind the one where dobby uses actual 1st person pronouns when talking about luna lovegood
Hi rizzo :3
@Iu_cyy not a fanfic, was in the deleted scene of film 2
don't talk about your wet lips
1
looks too good to be you
@Iu_cyy doesn't allow us to be funny
you have a victim complex
next stream send your outfit in the discord before the stream and we'll allow it or tell you to change when it isn't eating
looks nice
if you don't you would be really bad
show us whether your pj matches with your socks :3
bye legollamb!
@luigimangione2024 was the fan rizzo?
!sr oh my heart R.E.M.
is this just a mosquito sound effect
!sr she used to love me a lot johnny cash
sooooo bad
deji would have already completed the game by now
why did you walk off?
shouldn't do that
if it doesn't work" = "if i fail again at a kid's game""
rage quit another kid's game
don't sound appreciative
you're never nice
it's probably worse than the roblox one
shrek 2 is less embarrassing but not how you play it
because it's a good game
i think you've called every segment of this game annoying
mate you're not supposed to stand next to the bombs when they explode
my advice still stands
well i'm off then
just ignoring anastasia
hovered over their name like 5 times and just didn't invite them
give us a meow to nevo
too*
haha very funny...
i asked them to do it
losing brain cells listening to this
stop saying that because it'll become one of my vocal stims
his eyes lit up immediately
@HaireHDB right i know nevo struggles with his confidence but this is just too large a lie
there are subtitles
@Rizzo04 think you joined nevo's game
lagging behind a bit
you would stumble over some pebble and die
finally not that atrocity of a name
this is just fall guys
can't even make it past the first obstacle
yes go back to shrek 2
doom joke
hovering over the ban button right now
hilarious that
ew stop fantasising owen
i like how you've sunk down more and more into your chair as this game has progressed
oh i know this one from the rizzo stream
idiot
ran to a room that 5 other people were already running to
that was way too close
i do
LMAO
hairline like you
LMAO
shrek
went from playing with simple si to this
highs and lows
literally 1984
doesn't even get through automod
i believe in this team
piss yellow name
better not lose while i'm away to the toilet
give me permission to piss prick, paid hard-earned gorgonzolas for this nevo1sFuming
can we kick him
you definitely didn't help with the awkwardness
don't need a poll to know the answer to that
actually retire nevo
this is horrible to watch
REJOICE CHAT HIS FINAL STREAM
of course the first person downed is nevo
@n_Four4 only good fortnite player he knows isn't on right now (simple simon)
i'm actually cringing so bad
if even rizzo is disgusted you know it's bad
look at how excited he is at this
gimp
we can tell
see the flies swarming around that bird's nest on your head
@n_Four4 nevo is too, he's just so bad that you can't even tell
not clipping that
because you knocked them down, you didn't kill them
deafening this
you really have it out for my hearing
ruined it already
oh also one of the other mods will have to end the prediction, because i voted
LMAO
add nevo as an option too this time
what if it's a draw again?
@Rizzo04 voted you for this, don't want to see that
@Rizzo04 :3
@n_Four4 don't be mean
don't
@n_Four4 free speech lad
sounded great
why are you so obsessed with gas nevo?
emblematic of the nevo streams in general though
????
stop talking
how many people can even play that?
@Tomatoz_3016 worst stream to watch first
i think showing them that migth just scare them off
you're doing what??
@Tomatoz_3016 he did go full sweat mode though, simple simon won 3 times for nevo
@sammydodgers01 had to show him wiggling my toes, can't recommend it
what was that?
@AnastasiaBvrhausen i regret my vote now
@AnastasiaBvrhausen voted for rizzo twice actually
@AnastasiaBvrhausen i am also a pathological liar :3
@n_Four4 not starting, has been going on for ages
i would never do that" means that next stream he'll definitely be doing it"
@Tomatoz_3016 hit the nail on the head there
looking for its parent (you)
your pensions"
my pension plan is shite
LMAO
so you just made a classist statement
@AnastasiaBvrhausen you also got two games nevo1sSmiles
already know the result of this poll (nevo will lose)
both paul and nevo getting kicked
@n_Four4 that's the nicest thing i've seen you say in chat
@n_Four4 compliment every nevling right now!
^
@Rizzo04 i clipped it :3
hi ryan!
he's also on switch so might not have mic
nevermind
@AnastasiaBvrhausen not surprised, nevo stream has always been bigoted
this is honestly so bad
can't believe you lot in chat voted to keep this goimg
end it now!!!
at least tom is having fun ig...
@FivooTM already been shortlisted
twitch crashed on my laptop, probably a sign i should stop watching
i can't take this shite anymore
can we mute them nevo1sSmiles
worst bit in ages
and that's saying a lot
i would rather the poo stream charlie
@charlie59367 i've always been a big advocate
this stream needs to be purged from the archives
@Rizzo04 i'm going to be ignoring you for the foreseeable future nevo1sSmiles
you're stream fosters these kinds of people
bye neevo
