ThetaSigma01 subscribed with Prime. 
i would smash that mii
yeah i want to smash this mii into next week
wtf goes on this island??? last time a island was insane like this i met trump and Stephen Hawking  and the math dwarfs
i just want to say i found you though your cheese tier list tic tok then video
he looks like someone who would follow me home and try and sniff my feet
can you make simple Simon?
who is the sexist mii?
@SofiyeG who is Niv?
Stampy long cock!?!?!?
POM from the  fimbles?
oh should make pom from the fimbles
what about mr tumble?
@izzyatzizzis WHAT!?
@izzyatzizzis WHATS IT CALLED!!?!!?
@izzyatzizzis i cant find it!!?!?!
@izzyatzizzis yeah just joined the discord
WAIT WHAT HAPPENED TO CALLUMS CORNER!?!?!?!
NO! CALLUM!!?!?!?!? HE IS MY BEST MATE HE SAID I COULD SHAG HIS MUM!
yeah 100%
Can you add Callum's mum?
freak
so is that a no to Callum's FIT mum?
so is that a no to Callum's FIT mum? :(
can we pls get callums FIT SEXY mum
callums fit mum would fit the island
nevo1sKing
callum17Smile callum17Mega callum17Caluigi callum17Calward my hero <3
can  you bring back Callum and his fit mommy
@nevo1st bring back callum! callum17Smile look at him  tell me u dont want him back
can we get mr tumble and his bag
@AnastasiaBvrhausen oh god..
whats the story?
@AnastasiaBvrhausen omfg...
did you atlest get to meet his uncle ?
when i was 6 i went to Butlin and shit in my pants when i saw fireman sam
fireman sam was very creepy he made me poo my pants i was made  by my mum and dad to get a photo with him as i had shit in my pants
it was a creepy costume! i hated it!
my gran had the photo on a key chain for years a photo of me with poo in my pants next to Fireman sam
can you add fireman sam to help with my trauma mr kinda Nevo?
can u push piglet down the stairs
@izzyatzizzis yes
I hate this ugly little pig thing
anyone see blood and honey
Christopher robin should die
they have a whole universe now
look at how this stupid thing walks I so want him dead
do you think piglet would make good gammon
ugh I hate how this twat walks
what if I suck a man off behind big Tesco can I win it @nevo1st
anyone think owl is hot
daddy owl
owl was on the island with the math dwarfs
what about a pee stream
tigger  tried to kidnap me  once
can we do a in the night garden watch along stream
stick it up his asshole
Pooh is such a fat fuck
I hate the loading screens just his ugly ass walk
stand up test after seeing owl
do u think this game ends with piglet killing his self
can we read a piglet and Callum’s corner fanfic
it should exist we all need Callum corners fanfic
how hung is owl do we think
look at that unit
I shit my pants when I saw fireman same at butlins skegness in 2005
who is John pork?
I hope the bees sting him to death
piglet walks like me after I met Dave from behind Tesco
piglet walks like me after I met Dave from behind Tesco
I edge to Callum’s corner
nevo can we have a edging stream where we edge to Callum
nevo can we have a edging stream where we edge to Callum pls would be a good stream
I just remembered the crazy frog has a little pen15
I’m not joking he does
Pooh needs to lay off the honey the fat fuck
my dad bought me the gummy bear album
god Pooh your so fat
Pooh mpeg
if you think about it Pooh has his bear junk out all the time
@izzyatzizzis do u blame me he is naked from the waist down
@
u know who can get it goofy
happy birthday Nevo I hope you have a edging day
do you think the gummy bear is dead
thanks to Callum’s Reddit I may have seen more of Ian moor then I wish… I have seen his black hole
@izzyatzizzis Ian’s black hole
I have seen the white water fall video as well
piglet is Freddy Krueger
@sofiyeg what do you think he is using to jump around with
do you think tigger is hung
do u think there is rule 34 of Ian moor
he is selling underwear
I’m wearing my Ian underwear rn
I recommend them wearing them rn
why not @nevo1st they can be 2 sided have him on your junk and the trunk
nevo1sSerious nevo1sFuming nevo1sBosh callum17Fake callum17Fake callum17Carryhill
is the baby stuck in the bathroom and dying
nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing
callum17Smile callum17Smile callum17Smile nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing the 2 kings
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 1 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 1 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to Judex999! 
i work as callums cleaner
i get to lick it up YUM YUM
can you redo the cheese tier list but add Callum's cheese made from his milky breast milk?
i can get you someone for a price
@bill_schitt he said i can shag his mum
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to ruddyplumbus! They have given 2 Gift Subs in the channel! 
Do the chubby bunny challenge but with pills
can we have a wallace emoticonemoticon
nevo1sWallace
wallace!
do you think wallace is hung?
i bet his has a 15 incher
i would suck his fat hard woord
Did u know Peter Cullen voices Eeyore
and thats why i would eat Eeyore out
can you use my gifted subs to get a hooker
but i would do
i want to drowned who ever made this game in ian moors milk
write my name pls so i can goon to it later
i promise
can you do an impression of Callum kissing Ian
i got banned from Nick on tic toks chat for saying i feed my brother rocks
are you getting ian as a guest?
get snapshot eye to do one
can we get a nevo impression ?
your impression  of Calllum is the best
can u do a impression  of him saying i can shag his mum?
Callum
we need callum to read one
can i announce a nevvy
can i get the gay one if i bring the man i sucked off behind tesco to come to it?
@Rizzo04 i have that
who is your favourite member of the Sanjay family?
can we all pee together in a vc?
pee and edgeing vc
i would smash all them miis ngl
@SofiyeG same
can we do a are we gay quiz but with real gay people?
i hate that i have seen Ian's white thing and black hole
Callum and Ian's smega are getting married
u love us <3
fuck marry kill Ian Callum or Niv
can we have a callum corners fan fic reading stream
Callum and Ian went into the bedroom and together they had lots of boom boom together the end""
this guy seems like he would steal people's toes after he sucks them
Why dosent piglet  get a glock
i really want to stomp piglet into the ground
funfact Eeyore is sometimes voiced by Gregg Berger and Peter Cullen both transformers voice actors he is allso for some reason voiced by both in this game
cos he is thats what IMDB says Eeyore  can have 2 voices are u being racist!?
seems like it!
ngl i understand why eeyore is depressed  he has a nail in his ass
Hook tuah on Callums head
huck tuah  spit on Callum's head
@bill_schitt he would have
Callum corner is fit ngl
you are such a dumbass
its Callum!
AY UP AND WELCOME TO MY BASEMENT YOUR HERE FOREVER NOW""
this is Callum as a furry
Nevo can you dab for us
@AnastasiaBvrhausen gay
with the gifted subs can you buy the King Ian Moore underwear
buy it and wear it on stream
for the awards
are you?
send us Proof pls
Yes piglet he is sad HE HAS A FUCKING NAIL IN HIS ASSHOLE YOU CUNT
YES
and add Fireman sam!
Can you add fireman sam he is the reason i shit myself at butlins skegness
i shat myself at butlins skegness
COS OF FIREMAN SAM!
fireman sam made 5 year old me shit myself at butlins skegness
who is that ugly prick
you look like Nevo if he was hot
do the Parents  now get shot?
i think i just shat myself again...
now my Ian underwear are brown :(
i hope he gets run over by a car
Nevo can we see your home address and  social security numbers and bank cards and toaster
can i have that money?
i need to pay off the mob
fun fact did  you know in cars 2 we see Francescos mother and that means that cars must fuck and give birth
yes @rizzo04
another cars fact 9/11 happened in the cars universe
can we have lightning McQueen on the island nevo
nevo can you add lightning McQueen
I will never mellow
I’m a freak
are we your children nevo
can i get VIP for my Callum and Ian fanfic?
i lied i have been gooning to my name
bye Nev
group pissing in vc in 20 mins
when is In the Night Garden watch along?
can we get a skibidi toilet stream pls @nevo1st
so no skibidi toilet watch along
SMASH
i mean what who said that
@AnastasiaBvrhausen fireman sam made me shit my pants
do u think wallace's hole is cheesie
@ttvbest_fortnite_player makes sense bet it smells
guess that nintendog was put down
bumm tiss
can i have VIP for a hour for that joke just want to feel special for once in my life maybe my dad would be proud of me and let me back in the house
WHOOO YOU WON
If you win again can u dab?
can we all piss together!
- 879 view count mr nevo
no -879!
can you dye your hair blue?
fireman sam bullyed me and made me shit myself
Nevo bullyed me and called me a stupid little happy feet loser boy and made me dance for my food back
see how Nevo ignore me saying about his crimes he did to me as a child
skibidi nevo skibidi Nevo
i bet ian would love skibidi toilet
Guys what do u think trump and elon will name their secret child
Callum said i can shag his mother btw just wanted to let people know
me and callum are mates on discord #flex
is that the face you make when you shit yourself?
just had a pot noodle and a wank streaks
can i flex and say me and callum are friends on discord?
bye Nevo
you going for a  pot noodle and a wank""
i love boris johnson wish he would add me on snapchat
wtf is this stream
@nevo1st can u play the better version of this song the sus one
Thanks!
@AnastasiaBvrhausen my theme song
OMG ITS WILLBUR!
Pls bite me daddy
Vote me for freakest pls babes <3
vote me for freakest
and gayest and i will blow u behind tesco (if your over 18)
my name is Theta_Sigma_ pls let me join
how do u join the server anyways?
i miss my minecraft wife can she come back to me
can i be whitelisted cos im the best <3
OMG CAT!
SO CUTE
AWW
Nevocat can he be the star of the stream pls?
MC name is Theta_Sigma_
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 5 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 7 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to 66tl_! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to louisbar927! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to ya_dad_sells_avon123! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to brodzster11! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to buttfungus27! 
@SofiyeG i am shh
can u whitelist me bestie i will steal your knees if u dont or do up 2 u
Theta_Sigma_
dam says im not whitelisted :(
Theta_Sigma_ has another _ at the end lol
u forgot the _ at the end lol
i hate this stream so much
i want to leave life
i think im going to try my bath bomb idea tonight thanks to this stream Nevo <3
Can we have a bath bomb stream?
there is alot of gay stuff along on the dream smp
they stealing your knees dreams!
yeah im taking a bath with my toaster bye guys
they stormed the capital in dream smp
jan 6th dream smp style when @nevo1st
did the nevnation  have a big tesco?
any sexy homeless men behind it for me to u know wink wonk?
simple Simon and his furry fortskin would love the dream smp
Tommyintt's girlfriend left him
simple Simon and his furry fortskin would love the dream smp
@SofiyeG i did
striping in a nevo stream?
OMG ITS A PENIS!
KSI was in the dream smp he told tommy and others about sex
Ninja ran over a family of 4 on the dream smp
its true trust me
yeah Ninja killing a family of 4 was part of the dream smp lore
can Callum's corner join the dream smp
do u think king ian would join the dream smp?
Nevo? can u show your toaster on stream?
we need to see your toaster!
can we PLS gets a toaster reveal!
his girlfriend has a OF
yeah his Girlfriend has a OF so she has rubbed off on him @nevo1st
he has a Vtuber that has tits now @nevo1st
he did rape someone @nevo1st
no joke
but yeah someone said he SAed her and someone else said it so yeah
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 1 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 8 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to 3vilmcevil! 
im trying to get my points up so i can kill the dobbo mii
The dobbo mii needs to die..
so no more callum mii??!?!?
can you add the nodiddydog
can you kill dobbo pls
I need to gift more subs to get more points to kill dobbo /j
nevo I think you need to let your views know they got rid of the foil around Kit Kats
just a wrapper
poor Tommy his girlfriend left him ;(
get simple Simon’s daughter
do you think king Ian says “I’m getting close nevo” when he cums
I fuck with me blobby
100%
smash
oh you never said did you enjoy the bath bomb I said suggested
yeah that’s meant to happen
I never past my gcse
who is this guy?
spoilers
Callum should have won
among us what?
no
just use the qr code?
wtf happened to makka pakka?!?
killing my self cos makka pakka  is dead your getting the film of it
will be like the ring when u watch it you will become makka pakka. after 7 days
wait but if you love lying how do we really know u love lying?
we who the fuck is that ugly thing
ew
oh that…
guy
pls don’t do that face again mate
do you think you could fit Wallace up your bum?
who is Lee?
oh
can I have a nevie for being in your walls
I have just been sick up black slime thanks for that
how do you
POOHSTREAM!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to NotDelusionalCowboyFan! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to sigmatrucker! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to leonkennedussyy! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to nosebled101! 
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 5 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 13 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to boommer69! 
DELETE THAT PART OUT THE VOD! THEY CANT KNOW!
sure if we can talk about ian moors hole again
just lost the oil rig... can i have £6 need to buy a new one
wtf!?!?!
HE IS DEAD! THANK GOD- oh
Cheer100    do the gooning stream but you dress up as a lego batman goon and play the lego games
FUCK YOU ASSHOLE
that better?
Choo Chooo
wait.. have u even had a piss brake this stream!?!?!
WTF IS THIS SONG!?!?!
wait is salt burn the film where he drinks the cum from the plug hole?
WAIT U WORK AT SEX!?!?!?!?!?!?
NEVO WORKS AT SEX HQ!?!?!?!
my mum is dead mate :(
can you write my name on your five head?
bye bye nevo
can we see you dab
fun fact did you know if Kermit wasn’t born 9/11 wouldn’t have happened cos In the one Muppets X-Mass special, we see a glimpse of a world where Kermit was never born. In which we see the twin towers standing tall and proud. However, when we see the world where Kermit IS born, the towers are no longer there. So what could the muppet have done to do this? His existence has caused 9/11
when is the recreating  Breaking bad stream
omg return to oz was a scary film
yeah wait wouldn’t that u know rip your cheeks or something
can you just u know push the door over
how far do u reckon you could punt piglet
why he run like that tho
the spinning book floor wall thingy makes me sick
push it from the back?
I make £2 on my oil rig every 700 years
who is Malcolm and why is he In the middle (I watched stuff on tic tok about it) @nintendogsforswitch
@nintendogsforswitch thanks I think?
anyone use to eat glue?
yeah u seem like someone who would eat paper
I ate a receipt once and I was sick for days I recommend it very yummy
brb need  to make my young son mine for more gold
omg @nevo1st have you ever played the kfc dating sim?
the kfc dating game is good ngl
Minecraft story mode but it came out in 2021 and ever one is voiced by dream smp people
wait what’s the lore behind this game and why is piglet making scary faces
piglets big freak a new game by theta sigma
omg new game idea rizz the tik tok league
sorry sorry what the fuck eating what?!?
Ian Moore leaked photos
is there any updates about king ian
fuck you nevo I was just about to type that
much better stream
u ever think how In among us when u have the child hat that when u die a child is left alone or when your shot into space the child is killed
all them poor among us children all left alone as there dad or mums are killed ;(
yeah it’s allways red that’s sus seems a bit racist?
I love you nevo (but gayly)
23 I’m legal
I’m Allso wanted in 23 states but that’s not relevant is it
did u ever wonder that in Shrek 2 Shrek becomes Shrek
do u think after this game they took piglet out back and Old Yellered him
I need to make my young child mine for gold again brb
back Goldminer 2 found 62 gold so he gets to see his mother today
I bet 1000 points on that ;(
is it strange I kinda like the sounds the foot steps are making
can you make a channel point that we kill piglet
so that’s a no on killing piglet ;(
I think piglet needs to become gammon
ngl it’s funny to watch you suffer playing this game
YES
can we get a sleep stream but it’s just you smileing at the camera for 6 hours
just fell down the stairs and now all I see is piglets big game
bald martin what?
your almost there nevo
poping pills on the nevo stream
ngl I hope the face u get isn’t scary enough
i’m not in a great place rn not mentally just being made to watch nevo play piglets big game
I want to kill my self
can we get a Monday Monday
me
can we get naked twister Thursday
not just twister NAKED twister
can we all just watch tipping point
can we do nevo weekday
do they get payed for being in the tik tok leage
I hope u don’t get a scary enough face
wait Liam Payne is dead?
hope this is a shite face pls pls pls
hahahahhaha
omg he is dead yes
piglet in a pan in a pan piglet in a pan
I’m a hard game hahahahah I miss my wife
why do they same more fish in the sea I don’t want to fuck a fish
can we have the mii nevo host a nevvy
he is gay what do u think he has the carrots for
no
me when its gyat monday
this is like brexit!
do u think Elmo smokes crack?
back sorry my mate john pork was calling me
@realKDY20 the trump dance looks like he is wanking off cocks im sorry but it does
yeah John pork was telling me Piglet is wanted by the IRS
@nevo1st do i your permission to play this song at my funeral
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to quackitys_editor! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to LompertHoglin! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to kaciepain_! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to FortniteGriddyChallenge! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to Robin_4_! 
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 5 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 18 in the channel! 
@nevo1st do i your permission to play this song at my funera
can i get a nevvy for the most guy called theta?
YES!
can i vote myself for everything?
is there a worst game?
if so can piglet go on it
Piglet is thicc!
smash
i may have just realised im bad at money LLLL
i guess i will just need to get the kids to mine more gold and oil for me
everything will be ok piglet we arent going to make you into gammon""
ew
never say that again
i would fuck mr bump
mr tickle could give you a banger wank
how would u explain  me?
what mr men do u think would die on the TITanic
can i raid your house and steal your toaster?
@bill_schitt yes
WOW NEVO! stop calling people fat
can u bring some snow back for us @nevo1st
and snort the snow pls
CAN WE SEE THE CHEST HAIR!?!?!? /j
HAHHAHAHA
Nevo is is true your real name is Nevo David Garry Bobby the 1st
and cock
its my birthday in 278 days can i get a happy birthday?
crank is a funny world
word*
i think i have gone blind thanks to that
no?
@AnastasiaBvrhausen what twink?
what twink is playing curse of the were rabbit????
Pls nevo let my family go i will gift more subs just pls let them go
can i pls leave?
bigfatfattyfatso said i cant
can i pls have your permission to play these at my funeral in a few days?
oof u dont want to play with Karl and Dream anymore...
do it yourself you lazy cunt
your welcome
can i get a fredo?
hey besties it’s me just and bad news about my dog 2nd dog may need to go the farm so I’m being less freaky today my nevo fans
yeah @realkdy20 his head will be the ball
your looking very ginger today
I would play piglets big wank
I hope the plane crashes
is that special someone niv
@nevo1st can we watch the Minecraft movie trailer live? it’s out now
just started the trailer and did it really says “as a child I send yawned for the mind
he was just a lazy cunt
can you do the red among us from the hit game
can you pls kill it
I hate it already
my mum use to buy me one but u know she is
dead
wow rude laughing at my pain
miss miii
WAIT HE HAS A WHAT!??!
i saw Ian's cock and asshole
i just need 20 more points then i can force you to make the brown among us and thats funny cos as peter says it reminds me of a pooh""
u need to kill some people
can i eat your pc pls mate?
thanks im hungry
BROWN AMOUNG US GUY!
Dream tryed to smell my feet""
sorry back had a phone call about dog who died???
no had a photo call about the dog lol who died on miii
phone*
BROWN AMOUNG US!
any
NO HE BETTER NOT DIE!
PLS DONT KILL HER >:(
brown reminds peter griffin of Pooh tho!
@SofiyeG it should
well worth 6k points
this Mii better last or i will cry and sue you in a court of law
NOO!!!
is that mr bean!?!?!
smash mr bean
did anyone hear the actor for one of them did u know the corn
one of them froze to death as well i think
!play
!womansrights
if i win can i pick brown among us again?
!womensrights
Sanjay!
make sanjay
invite me
hey can everyone stop swearing Jesus wouldn't like it
did u know Jesus likes getting railed sorry i ment nailed
wait.. why did the other one look a bit like you Nevo???
@best_lesbian wtf is a piss boy...
Happy new year Nevo!
Santa is real he ran over my grandma
can i stream it but im just in a hole for 7 hours at a time?
my maths teacher left after a year of teaching me and my class
he said we where the reason he left
one of my teachers talked about our feet alot
idk what that meant but ok u do u love
my year 0 teacher hated my guts even spelt my name wrong and said i would become nothing well jokes you u whore im sat here watching a Nevo stream and your probs dead you  78 year old bat
what if we kisses at the piglets big game nevo stream
i really hope piglet fucking dies at the end of this game
where would i go bestie
what about me :(
can we eat piglet yet?
can i unsub now? for that
@SofiyeG good idea
so much for your 9 yet you cant read
i think someone has been telling a little lie
@Gheezy_7 dont say foot around nevo
a triangle
@best_lesbian HA W?
@best_lesbian so W then?
Piglet is so fucking useless
i use to like Pooh  but watching u play this game makes me hate it now and hate my childhood and my grandma for having pooh stuff  so thanks Nevo u ruined my life
i got kicked out my school for yelling at my ex girlfriend and saying i will throw a chair at her for stealing my money and abuseing me (and cos i had ADHD and autism and my school hated that)
i allso got stuck in my school bathroom for half the day and was crying the school phoned home cos i was skiping school""
can i be mod for my chats about among us guy
@best_lesbian same lol
Nevo can piglet be mod?
do u think Piglet has ever found a dead body?
yummy farts
sorry no that was bad even for me
this game makes me spill my rare seeds my cyanide  seeds
anyone want some?
he knows what he did to be in jail
OH SO U CAN TALK ABOUT SHIT BUT IF I DO IT I WAS TIMED OUT!?!?!
NOT FAIR!
ok pooh you fat cunt
Im going to lick your ass tonight""
is that what the song is saying!!??!
@Rizzo04's fav song then
Piglet from Winnie the Pooh is portrayed as a baby
Pooh is such a fat cunt
im back from a shower are u still playing this shit ass game
i never did my GCSE's cos i got kicked out
who?
no who the fuck asked
@pierce313 thats my pants after beans
someone dressed at tigger on VR chat once said they would fuck my mum then kill me
your noes nevo
HE IS A CHILD NEVO!
I TOLD U THIS HE IS 0-3 YEARS OLD!
@bigfatfattyfatso in pig years he is 98
so when is the piglets big movie watchlong?
its on for 1h 29m
i like getting backshots from tigger
callum ignored my gifted subs the other day what a prick >:(
Nevo1st would never
even after i have gifted over 289 subs to callum he ignored me >:(
Nevo would never ignore gifted subs
(pls help he has a gun to my head)
I KNOW IT!
I CAN SAY IT!
Callum's dad cheated on his mum right so his mum made them all change there name back to something exotic Bennett right so his sluty sister" just added a ie to her name right but callum had to pick Sanjay Bennett  cos he liked Currys right and he used it as a his fake him after he went viral right cos if u looked up callum adams it would come up with "sucked off dogs for quavers" all his words"
yeah its all 100% true
he has go on holiday again the tory cunt
i asked him for advice today about what to do about how i felt about everything going on with my life and my dog right and callum just ignored it but his very cursed chat didn't and even gave me advice  so im now a callums corner hater >:(
i got chicken pox for Christmas once spent the whole day and till new year in bed i think that was a shit gift idk
@Rizzo04 yeah you will die at 65
@best_lesbian mood
@best_lesbian kick his tiny balls
my birthday is on the 23/08 im so cool
i was born like 18 days before 9/11
@best_lesbian yes
Hey nevo have you thought just be good at the game
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to best_lesbian! They have given 19 Gift Subs in the channel! 
i can hit u irl if u want
nevo1sFrowns is this u as a child btw?
oh
i cant wait to eat piglet
YOU DID IT CONGRATS BABE
@Rizzo04 what!?
can we get simple simon to host pls?
i would rather have simple simon play this game ngl
my nana was part of the mafi and killed my friend
@kayes nevo loves farts
this song makes me want to die
OMG JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP
im trying to watch the gameplay pls just be good at it
I WAS GOING TO TALK ABOUT HOW TO MAKE A YUMMY GAMMON DINNER!
u have to cut the head off the pig then open its neck hole and put the stuffin inside
WAIT JUST CHEAT!
USE CHEATS!
i dont pay the taxes dont telll the tax man
>:( where is my hello
well mr >:(
good
i would smash wallace and the gnome
is it bad one day i hope u smash your monitor
@bill_schitt its 8pm dumbass
can you name your guy Theta pls
CALLUM!
CALLUM!!
Nevo can I have £6 pls
thanks mate wife isn’t happy with all the subs our children have gone without food for a week now
but who cares about the kids am I right
@sofiyeg I am but no oil atm so yeah
Callum Allso took all my money
can I get my starving children to host the nevvy
blurry cam bestie
fuck marry kill brown among us Callum and ian
!sr Here We Come!" | The Callums Corner Anthem"
!sr Here We Come!" | The Callums Corner Anthem"
@best_lesbian I DID WAS SO FUCKING FUNNY
i wish i could see Nick's pov but he has me blocked cos i said i feed my brother rocks
i never said that! but i wish i could
is that where i would go?
!sr Here We Come!" | The Callums Corner Anthem"
!sr Vegan World (I Eat Meat)
i still think that update video was AI
I HAVE SEEN HIS ASSHOLE!
@milkyybrew he was live he just ended before
his nana is in the hospital
OMG I HAVE A VIDEO ABOUT THAT INVOLVEING ME! can i send it on the discird?
i love swinging my big cock around
yes
OMG! SO!
Naked martin is someone who doxed callum right and well films videos naked and eats brown stuff if u know what i mean
yeah
no shit
he took a bath in it
your welcome
here if u ever need any callum lore
OOOO OK!
SO!
Mini Tom made a game right called darkness arrives and has in his own words i have special needs" and was friends with callums old editer right so yeah people made callum play darkness arrives and he HATED IT! so people went and made fun of Mini tom right for the shit game so he deleted his own game and made a rant video right but later on people started to make AI videos of him and connor j made joking videos about his PC with a photo of mini tom inside it so Mini tom doxed him right so then"
the corner uped the mini stuff right and he then DMED Callum saying he would ring the police if he didnt stop it so then callum called him minitard
long story short
he is a cry baby
he also put his own family in bad money problames he was also on ant and dec saturday night takeaway
i would send u a photo of your face with a penis drawn on it
can you a do a mince pie tier list
try them from different places
allso make callum a new gingerbread house
can you rate callums mothers knockers for us
nevo can you pls do a impression of Callum thanking me for the subs I gifted him
can I have a refund and just never watch you again for that pls
can’t believe this song stole the beat from new falls guys map
can you turn the music up pls
ok no need to be like that going to cry now
Nevo can I have your credit card numbers pls
Nevo big Steve needs a name for the new oil can I put yours down pls
update my child stave down from 98 to 97
turn up this banger
no it’s Callum you daft cunt
Tom stockwell
or dall tomstock
it’s not edited
it’s real
what what? really?
I love that song
how can you be 4 inches into my mum when your only 2 inches
your really close Nevo just let go and jump over the side
you could say them skeletons have a boner
hahaha bet it penis joke
Nevo the pregnancy glow looks good on you today
Nevo how old is that camera
ignores my ad time wow scam Nevo
scammed by Nevo
like scamjay
you ignored my ad time
I’m. saving you from him
WOW HAS HE GIVED YOU 19 SUBS
who is the worst
I’m John pork irl
Nevo I think you have a Gargoyle tail axe @nevo1st
can you do an impression off Gargoyle tail axe
Nevo you should use @gargoyle_tail_axe
HA
thanks for the free points bestie
pls do
sorry no that was rude
do we get our points back then?
callum would have beaten this boss by now nevo man your taking the piss rn
@SofiyeG bye!
i think this game may be 2 hard for you mate
Nevo telling his fans to kys?!?!?
you just said kys jump off""
i think he is angry
what did mummy allways say count to 10 before you get angry
wait is this song really about 9/11?
can we look for ian's Cheese next stream?
bye Nevo
is the lore behind that song is that Bald Martin died?
i hope the ladbaby dad shits himself in public
1st
Nevo are you dressed as cat in the hat today
@nevo1st this music is from doctor who right
knew it
did you have diarrhoea?
Let’s have a party, it’s Christmas Day Your mum’s cooking turkey But been moaning since yesterday The presents are open and the bin bags are put away Just until Boxing Day Let’s dance, Merry Christmas
Get to the kitchen for sausage rolls Kids, drop your toys And dance along to rock and roll Everyone’s here, and now the dog’s got the trifle bowl This is pure family goals Let’s sing, Merry Christmas (come on!)
what’s your blood type nevo mate
vote me pls and u get a kiss from me
well have you nevo
no have you been fisted
can you do me nevo
why is your skin still Wilbur
nevo has dreams about him
and not the dry kind of dreams
nevo bestie what’s your blood type
nevo tell me your blood type pls and are you with people cloneing your blood and selling it on eBay
thanks bestie
dm me for nevos blood guys £3 to  lick it
nevo my wife just kicked me out she found out I gifted subs to you can I move in with you
pls nevo I’m on the street rn pls can I move in
no
update wife filed for divorce
update since wife kicked me out and divorced me over gifting subs I’m now living behind Tesco with my new boytoy David
nevo isn’t like brexit he actually likes foreigners
hello nevo bestie
nevo when is the maid outfit stream @nevo1st
nevo give us a maid dress stream pls@
nevo give can me 3 million dollars then I gift them back to you
remember to use the axe nevo!
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 5 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 24 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to Voied_! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to sQuirm1610! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to python552452! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to jayc365ud! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to goldengod525! 
can you give me your house?
Nevo give me your house im homeless atm cos the wife kicked me out cos of all the gifted
so much for doing anything i ask >:( wont even help his homeless gifter
Nevo are you a milf?
i wanted to post the song lyrics but tic tok wouldnt let me
mod me nevo
i will be a good mod
how smelly do we think Ian's mini ian is
when are we getting the Theta is the best stream
WOW HE IS YOUR FAV CHATER!
I SEE HOW IT IS!
@nevo1st its 17 i counted
wait your still live sorry had to leave the stream before as got more bad news about the dog
I’m making cakes as I’m watching your stream @nevo
is that aloud
did you do lad baby
can we get lad baby as a host
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 5 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 29 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to finpencil! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to JoeyEatsRocks! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to kishws6! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to crazylaina2012! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to funggoose21! 
your welcome nevo
nevo sounds like your jealous they met ed. Sheeran.
nevo how are your balls today
in bulge am I right
it’s cos I give nevo money he is like my prostitute
can you make him grope a woman in a bar and cheat on his wife like the real one did
nevo pls can I move in with you
I can live in the cupboards
I would shag him
wait! is brown among us still here
IS HE IS BROWN AMOUNG US STILL HERE
what about brown amoung is
think of all the subs I gifted you nevo
no fuck you @folklohre
my day is ruined
killing my self rn on stream
I loved brown amoung us guy
can you make me
thank you @rizzo04 I love you marry me
I’m from the Callum Ian video and the cheese one
hahah whoops just released the 10 gifted subs I gifted today was on the wrong card lol whoops
theta L am I right guys
I just dropped my iPad on my neck can so,done ring me a ambulance pls
wait when did I get vip
even I wouldn’t smash this thing
one to the head with a gun
nevo can you tell me I’m cool pls
nevo can I take a piss
vore us daddy nevo
wow @sofiyeg
yum
nevo can I have your left knee cap
when did I saw they
buy nevo
hello
can’t wait for another nevotastic stream
can’t wait for another nevotastic stream
no it’s Monday
can you play lgbt hangout @nevo1st
can I smash your nana?
I had piglet for tea
omg Same @rizzo04
no you bestie @rizzo04
nevo do you have  pepperoni nipples
nevo with a 5 head
I just have worms in my bum
I have the clap
just got pegged now watching a nevo stream
check on brown amoung us
oh wait…
can you make me bestie <3
4k my others where wasted on poor brown amoung us :(
feet pics??
when’s the new web cam coming bestie
I spend  my universal credit on subs for u and Callum
little penis can his penis is so small
nevo about to be put down wish me luck
Nevo?
can u tell me im important i want to feel important
can u tell me im important i want to feel important bestie
23
@SofiyeG >:(
Thank you Nevo <3
I WOULDNT BE MEAN NEVO! <3
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 10 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 39 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to aimamoses! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to Samie_z! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to SpeedyShadeJay! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to jimbobbthe2nd! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to misterrprince! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to SuperDavid824! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to crustedpunk! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to rebeccaschinese! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to isix6_! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to Lositio! 
OH!!?!?!
WHOOPS...
@bill_schitt ew the worst Doctor
can you make me?
i use to want to shag susan boyle
can u just put a bag over your head pls
WOW NOT EVEN MAKING ME >:(
do it how u think i would look like
i want to beat That Doctor to death
she was shite
she really was
it didnt get better trust me i watched all 3 seasons
yeah RTD has kinda gone wank
very WANK
he needs fired imo
he really needs fired
my name came from Doctor who so im very passionate about it
thats not how u spell her name btw @nevo1st
NO NO NO!
ITS WHEN U DRAW ON THE FACE YOU DAFT CUNT!
@nevo1st can i admit something i was Ianmoorsblackhole
CALLUM!?!?!?!
can u play he KFC dateing sim?
i just came back to the stream and THIS CUNT ASS SONG IS PLAYING
who ever played this song your my 13th reason
OMG ARE THEY BEEING ARESTTED!
Mate you didnt need to say that
!sr NO NONCESENSE - OFFICAL MUSIC VIDEO
NEVO SHUT THE FUCK UP IM TRYING TO LISTEN TO THE SONG!
!sr MY HEAD DOES NOT LOOK LIKE A SODDING TIC TAC. A FINAL WARNING
!sr Don’t Stop Me Eatin’ (Official Music Video) - LadBaby
SHUT UP ABOUT HIS HEAD!
@sQuirm1610 np
!sr Don’t Stop Me Eatin’ (Official Music Video) - LadBaby
this song makes me want to grab a sausage rolls and shove it down  my pisshole
YES MATE""
kill yourself lad baby cunt
KNOCK YOU UP!?!?!?!?
MPREG ON A NEVO STREAM YES PLS DADDY
its what you are nevo
(I CAN SAY THAT AS IM ONE)
1st
nevo how smelly are you feet today
impossible mate as my mum is dead @nevo1st
ayup it’s me Callum irk
callum17Derp callum17Wrong callum17Nonono callum17Derp callum17Foff
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to anniec0re! 
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 1 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 40 in the channel! 
wow this guy's ego
leave harry alone that sub was to stop harry abuse
we all know nevo agrees with the king
Piss on stream
do it
nevo is it true you pissed urself in year 7?
the day nevo wins is the day pigs fly
no nevo dont kill yourself your so sexy hahah
@paulmccartneyy_ my mum is dead :(
LOL!!?!!?!?!?
sorry why is wallace a cuphead?
i would smash this fish thing
can we swap to Harry's gameplay pls its better
CHEATER!
CHEATER!
CHEART!
Nevo the cheater
he cheated Harry
can you add Gregg Wallace to the island?
shave your head bald
bald!
can i unsub and leave pls
who the fuck is this guy?
name one after me
Simple Simon is a smash
what’s the lore behind these worms and why do they nukes
“old lady”
sorry did that just say what I think it said?
Sanjay better stay alive
NO LES E SANJAY
LEAVE SAJAY AONE
NO SANJAY
i like it mr nevo
i like anything you stream
Nevo can we get an impression of the worms?
@SofiyeG ah yeah probs best not
cant have him canceled yet
NEW FALL GUYS MAP!
hey Nevo bestie boo
cam is bluury
@nevo1st well fix the cam then!
AWWW! Nevo had sex!
@nevo1st can we see the sex?
the sex u had
ew ugly cunt
can we put it down
sanjay
i will gift 2 subs if u call it sanjay
name it sanjay!
sanjay
can we pls end its life
@ttvbest_fortnite_player HHAHAHA
Me! Theta the freak sigma
@Tashathetwat me
my teacher forced me to eat a carrot when i was 7
why the fuck did u read it like that you bitch
i can send u a photo if u want
my entire pc just crashed thanks to the nevo vc
I have blue eyes so not very accurate atm
and yeah glasses
but yeah this is accurate
23/8/2001 and blue
idk if that’s rude or I should say thanks?
big things are coming that’s what your mum said last night
nevo you should be happy I left Callum’s stream for you
ok so did you
@rizzo04 I love you so much 100% no homo unless u went it to be
@rizzo04 let’s get married in the nevo stream chat
@rizzo04 yes good idea
make him look more simple
make sure we can see your naked little toes pls@
nevo do u have an account on wikifeet
add me on stream so we can play worms nevo
Nevo wait why did u make me short! >:( im 6 foot 5 im a beast /srs
eat it pls
do you think the worms could fit in your pee hole
not sure
LET ME PLAY!
>:(
i have
i was joking about joining btw just wanted to feel Special
WHY THE FUCK CAN YOU HAVE A AUSTRAIAN PAINTER STASH!?!?!
They stop doing them cos people sent them death threats
no its true its in there book
nevo can u buy the book and read us a chapter
i will gift you 5 subs if u do
@Rizzo04 am i invited?
is The Beatles dateing game next?
hello nevo
can you do an impression of Wallace talking about cracking tits pls
sorry why are you in a cage
ok
I think it’s time I leave
this game is allready making me wet
@nevo1st read it as the king
u know what else is small
your cock
i think i would rather be deaf then listen to this stream
@paulmccartneyy_ ofc u did
@Rizzo04 Hey Rizzo
nevo are you a chesses loving whore
suger nipples!??!?!
i bet @Rizzo04 is loving this
yeah i think this is my last nevo stream
i think this stream should be a tik tok
i was about to make a sandwich with butter ngl but now i dont want 2...
Nevo can we play the Callum corner dating game where you have to finger Callum's asshole and get broken up with and your breakup be made into a video
real thing that happened to callums life btw nevo
can you sell your piss i mean what Rizzo why would you say that
@Rizzo04 >:( we should ask again
eat that meat Nevo
@Rizzo04 luckie
IS SHE SAYING HE IS THE DOG!?!?!
he allso cheated on his wife
i mean i would cheat on that thing ngl
mate" ed isnt your mate you balding lanky ugly cunt"
wait when is the nevlin meet up!?!
my mum is dead!
how many times do i have to tell you nevo!
she is dead
can we cancel nevo
y is he a nazi!?!?!?
@SofiyeG true
My girlfriend (callums mum) said she wants a open relationship so anyone want to pay me £5 for a go on her?
@bill_schitt i would rate them 10 out of 10
is that what you said?
u should of gotten bullied
yes
Nevo swatted on stream!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Nevo can we get a jail stream?
i almost threw a chair at my ex girlfriend cos she stole money and cheated on me
nevo seems like the type of child to piss themself
Nevo's new name should be Nevo1stpissboy
@bill_schitt WHAT IS THAT TRUE!
@bill_schitt that really feels like a callum story idk why
whats your home address streamer
one of my teachers asked to smell my shoes to see if they where sweaty
but yeah the teacher asked to smell all the boys and girls shoes after PE
yeah 100%
to see if we have been doing enough in PE for our shoes to smell"  as we had different shoes for PE"
OOOO i just remembered something else he once said i had the smellest shoes and i was a good boy""
yeah he was fired
well no he quit""
in year 2 i once shat myself and then threw up all down the stairs cos the school lunch had give me food poisoning
yeah sure read it out
i got 2 weeks off school cos i was very ill and all the 4 girls i had a crush on gave me a hug and a cheek kiss when i came back
nope its 100% true they where obsessed with me turns out one of them became a drug adicted so.. yeah
maybe i hung around with the wrong people as someone else i hung around with burned down a Forest on a hill and cost there dad there job so they where forced to go back and live with there mother as there dad disowned them
OMG! i almost put a girl in hospital once cos unknowing to me my bottle leaked in my bag and as i walking up the stairs it leaked and spilt on the stairs and yeah she sliped and fall down the stairs for a few weeks every time i saw that girl she cried and run away form me i felt so bad
@AnastasiaBvrhausen i went to a school that was shut down cos it was so bad it was renamed so it could be reopened and then get 1 on the Ofsted for the next 3 years
OMG! a teacher from that same school ran over a kid on the way to school got the day off  for that
so thanks sir
did i ever tell chat the story of when a fat kid called me a beached whale and his other fat kid friends use to say its the beached whale" when ever i walked down the hallway"
it gave me a eating disorder for a year and a half
they where projecting lol as it was a autistic kid who they could bully for credit with the big kids
sorry as i was*
lol
sorry mate that was me
OOOO i just remembered a story about the smelly shoe PE teacher right
so i had a nail go though my foot the day before PE right and even had a note from my mother to say i couldnt do PE yet he forced me to and yeah long story short i had to buy new shoes as my foot had coved them in blood
@bill_schitt he only worked there a year was his 1st and only year like i said my school was very shite and desperate for teachers as they allways left for better schools
my left foot is very fucked lol i dropped a TV on it had a few nails go though it shocked i can still use it tbh it also doesn't make much money on feet finder :(
i stayed a beach house once the sea flooded it so we had to cut the trip short and got a full refund other all very good would do it again
play more bully
can you allso play the butter game again?
i will only come to the them if callum can be my date
1st!
im so cool
@paulmccartneyy_ my mum said nothing
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 1 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 41 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to Mini_Tom17! 
THAT 100! WAS RANDOM I SWEAR!
CAN U CHECK ON ME!
check up on me pls
thats nice nevo but did we fucking ask
pls check up on my mii :(
want to hear the story of how i pushed my brother out a freezer and broke his arm?
@SofiyeG your welcome <3
but yeah i when i was youger me and my brother where playing in a empty freezer ands i pushed him out and he broke his arm
1
Nevo can we get married for tax reasons in a big tesco
:(
leavening the stream and never coming back
ITS FOR TAX REASONS!
@AnastasiaBvrhausen is it the pedo one!?!?!?!
im ready!
IM READY!
wait nevo?
can i redo mine even tho i posted it?
@Rizzo04 Hey bestie
>:(
Thank you fellow nevo watches <3
spotty ball bag?
i will gladly lose to that
sorry i just got back wtf is that thing
looks like mini tom
WHAT!
I HATE YOU NEVO U LIED TO ME U SAID WE COULD HAVE A XMAS DIN DIN STREAM!
my grandma is dead
HEY BILL BIG FAN!
CALLUM!
what are we watching for a movie night mr mii
I voted for u @bill_schitt
Hello Nevo and Nevlings
@SofiyeG Hey Sofiye ;3
can i show my mum's grave?
NEVO GETS CRABS!?!?!?!?!?!
i dont think u can own people anymore
1
NEVO HAS THE CLAP!!?!!?!?!?!?!?
nevo has crabs and the clap!!?!?!
THATS WHAT SHE SAID!!?!?!?!
i shoved my tree up my rectum
@AnastasiaBvrhausen ok well i know that now!
i cant show that for legal reasons..
u dont want to know <3
girl tits""
Nevo show us ur tits
i really hate that ur wearing that hoodie ngl as i just want to flick the danglin string i blame my ADHD
ITS THE ADHD!
people kissing hey there""
nevmold
I never pulled anyone I was to busy being bullied
bulled not pulled
a new wife
is she called pinky cos she is missing hers?
hey nevo1sDoge
hey nevo nevo1sDoge
nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge nevo1sDoge
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 1 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 47 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to OrbOfTheNight! 
Hey chat its me Theta
@SofiyeG Hey!
shove it up ur ass
NOOO!
NOOO!
i will unsub if u delete it!
un subbing now
ThetaSigma01 converted from a Prime sub to a Tier 1 sub! 
Nevo can u play fortnite with ninja
Hey Rizzo <3
Willbur!?!?!?!?!
Nevo your eyes look very nice today
@cocoKofu is that a good thing?
@ttvbest_fortnite_player yes
@boommer69 i just want callums mum
Nevo can we get a simple only fans  look though
callum17Smile callum17Smile callum17Smile callum17Smile callum17Smile callum17Smile callum17Smile callum17Smile
can we see ur furry fortskin
i have sent 949 chats here in my 36 hours of watching nevo and all 949 are cursed as fuck
can u sell your special seed
yeah
do a foot stream
For 1000 followers you should speedrun a game
nevo1sDoge
nevo what should i get for christmas
NEVO! for 1000 followers you should cosplay callum and remake the tic tac video
bald cap
@Rizzo04 HAHAHAH
@SofiyeG hahaha
ThetaSigma01 subscribed at Tier 1. They've subscribed for 2 months, currently on a 2 month streak! 
moew
give us a fit tour
can you play piglets big game
can u be callum for a stream?
!sr NO NONCESENSE - OFFICAL MUSIC VIDEO
!sr NO NONCESENSE - OFFICAL MUSIC VIDEO
can u shove that up your ass sideways
!sr NO NONCESENSE - OFFICAL MUSIC VIDEO
i miss Ian
@nevo1st put on the amoung us one
@best_lesbian ARE U OK!?!?!
@best_lesbian why did you eat 30!?!?!
@best_lesbian based
!sr NO NONCESENSE - OFFICAL MUSIC VIDEO
YES!
can people have boom boom on the server?
so i cant sleep with Callums mam on the server :(
@SofiyeG yeah
@SofiyeG I WILL FUCKING BEAT U TO DEATH (in minecraft)
turn this up!
what about me dont u like me
do u like me Nevo :(
he ignores me its ok :(
what a asshole
try and post on his reddit he checks that alot
he has been going to check my discord since the 9th of October
Cheer100 can you pls die so i can get my points back pls bestie
pls die so @SofiyeG loses all there points
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBeDz36VBdM
no
Nevo can you sing about big chungus
hey Rizzo bestie
@Rizzo04 X <3
i shit myself at a butlins  thanks to fireman sam
y do u have poop in your hot bar
HA UR DEAD!
HAHHAHAAH
Cheer100 oh no ur dead what a same oh dear me
shame*
WOW! bullying me
Nevo did you hear what just came out about  Wallace
his feet pics leaked
im normal
@best_lesbian no u fucking ate 30 oranges
@SofiyeG im hard watching this
sorry that was
can u say something nice about me?
i will take that
Nevo i think u can beat this game!
@bill_schitt no thats callum
@bill_schitt callum17Mega MY HEAD IS NORMAL IT IS A NICE HEAD
@bill_schitt HAHHAHA what when was this!!?!? i dont think i have seen that
i dont have a family plan cos my mother is dead and my dad and brother dont live with me
but i can still invite you nevo if u want
bloody hell mate thats dark
Hey nevo can u check out my stream its just me on my oil rig working away for the money to gift u subs
watch out nevo there is a monster here
u will die
u have to shift around here or the monster will hear
@bill_schitt he is
2
do u need me to send u the Minecraft wiki?
alt f4
this reminds me of a callum song about poop
i love this song
can i have a kiss on the cheek?
this is my fav song
Santa made me kill myself
@Triabtrue this is the best Album  ever
im laughing everything hurts
its about FAT COCK
do u think Santa's cock works?
Nevo u can do this me and the children on my oilrig believe in you
@AnastasiaBvrhausen ur a very good singer ngl
Hello!
its me Theta the freak
Hello Nevo!
@FivooTM sure i would like art!
@SofiyeG its the best!
my fav song is santa made me kill myself
i hope santa makes  fivo gaming cock work again
where the fuck is my helo!
Hello*
good better
all i said was i like your icon" and they abused me"
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 3 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 50 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to DeriTheLIVE! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to Agent_Rufus52! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to TheGamingTrainspotter! 
Nevo can u act as callum and tell me im not useless :(
i hope the car falls on him
Nevo do u have a character?
@ic3mini i would do that
Nevo if ur bald you can cosplay callum
after all my gifted subs to nevo i will become homeless
Nevo can u do an impression  of a homeless santa
Guess who is back! for real
its me Theta!
its me Theta im so sexy
yes
Nevi if i gift u some subs can u eat some tile samples
nevo*
@Bigmanting1337_ u mean Nevo?
nevo
I think u forgot to hang up
nevo your spooking me
@priscillarealart kinky
@priscillarealart Rizzo that u?
@priscillarealart i think u mean 34
@SofiyeG ok sorry wow
Nevo i never got the £4 u said you would send me
do CBT on him
isnt that what it said!?!?
Nevo can u play Darkness Arrives?
wow Priscilla is so mean to me
crying now at what Priscilla said to me
yes no joke
@AnastasiaBvrhausen the wrong ones
hahahahah get it
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to priscillabllyson! They have given 51 Gift Subs in the channel! 
@priscillabllyson yes pls
@priscillarealart :(
@priscillabllyson tree pls
@ic3mini fair
im so confused by this chat and this stream and upset by the stuff priscilla has said to me
i think its time i go sleep goodbye nevo and chat
@sofiyeg u mean the guinea pig that bit Callum’s cock
I think it was Kissinger
never mind it was Nixon who bit his willy
Hey Nevo
Can we get a memorial for Callum's twitch
@Rizzo04 RIZZO GET HERE WE NEED TO START THE CULT BESTIE <3
Nevo
can i have a milkyway bar in minecraft
i hate this game so much
allso where is my milkybar nevo
nevo can u lie to me and say im good at the game?
NEVO!
I HAVE A CALLUM BAN UPDATE!
it was for when he rubbed Twix on his webcam i believe @nevo1st @bill_schitt
so yeah enjoy your callum ban update
yeah and raged
as uknow racist dono's played so twitch though he left the stream unattended
yeah
yeah u will be aressted for tax stuff
@Rizzo04 i though we where getting married :( </3
@Rizzo04 AND NOW I FOUND OUT RIZZO IS CHEATING ON ME WITH U! IT WONT BE >:(
all ginger people look the same tbh
WHAT!
i thought we where getting married rizzo
bye Nevo!
when do i get my milkyway
i need to build my caravan
Bye Nevo!
HEY NEVO!
OMG SANTA!
can you ask santa if he likes callum
can we invite Simon
thats white not blue
u pay ur mods?
LENNY!
thats not my build
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to xyzxxxy! 
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 1 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 52 in the channel! 
@nevo1st i have done nothing o have just been helping u
how dare u blame me!
just to be clear i havent done anything
HEY NEVO!
@Rizzo04 hey Rizzo X
OMG ITS THE GUY FROM THE SONG ABOUT SANTA MAKING HIM KILL HIMSELF!
THIS IS The Shepherd's Boy
I LOVE UR MUSIC PICKS NEVO!#
ITS A DALEK SHIP!!!!!!!!!
@SofiyeG CONGRATS
@panglewang wish u would have won
@AnastasiaBvrhausen wish u would have won
@panglewang one person
wrong*
i hate typeing
GUSS!!!!!!!
HAHAHAHA
@bill_schitt in 5 years
fuck i just cam
MEE!
IM A CALLUM FAN!
turn the music down
Paul
WHAT!
A NEW SONG!
CALLUM!
@bill_schitt i would kiss that tic tac head anywhere
@bill_schitt yeah back head <3
i will ur cracker nevo <3
CALLUM!
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 5 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 57 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to Triabtrue! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to georgiastonexo! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to SomeAutist1cGuy! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to wholesalad! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to Banzai_Emperor! 
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 10 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 67 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to celeste0414! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to alyhues! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to ItsKianLads_Live! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to nightmarespringtrap193m! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to bigjosher4! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to b0n3rba11s! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to evaorivor! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to Dasauto14! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to hgjkf29! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to gamerkittn! 
I HAVE TO BE AT THE TOP OF THE LIST!
@SofiyeG DONT U FUCKING DARE OVER TAKE ME >:(
ew gay people
why are u dressed like the 10th Doctor
u look like a dumbass version of the 10th Doctor
Choo Chooo BleedPurpleHD
ew your granny is ugly
CONGRATS!
I DO!
@sneele_ Deserved
THANK ME!
i want to be thanked
thank me
im sorry about your wife
fuck you wankerpang
wait what about worst photo of u!
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 10 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 77 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to nocorn21! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to jergi20! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to kamenapasteta! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to marceluves! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to AxusaL! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to gazza2203! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to shnackin! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to the_chefs1! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to vitaldaisy9619! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to yimyum877! 
i think i may have spent 2 much... i just had a email about a failed payment for something...
whopps... yeah it was defo a failed payment email//
Nevo u better thank me im bankrumped now no joke
was worth it even tho i now have no money and a failed payment
thanks nevo!
hello nevo
wait your subed to urself @nevo1st dose that mean u pay money to urself then lose it every month?
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 1 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 78 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to 404ShinyNotFound! 
what do u mean no one subed
@Bigmanting1337_ no i got money now
@nevo1st naked stream
he cheated on his boyfriend 2
Tubbo
its me
thats my old name after my old dog thats dead
wtf do u mean he seems gay""
fuck this game
i quit
i kinda like it...
oh yeah i agree
my balls are twisted""
my piums are twisted come here boy and lick them""
can u end stream and hide the web cam
can u end stream
its very ugly and it called me
killed*
hey nevo just had a call from my bank asking if your forceing me to pay you I said yes there now sending the police to your address
it’s ok I said Callum is doing to 2
you cam both stream together in jail it’s part of the plan remember
I’m a Tory keep them Scottish people out
nevo just been kicked out the house
nevo can you give me £40 for Christmas
I’m poor why do u think
same @anastasiabvrhausen
nevo can I put “friends with nevo1st” in my dating bio
nevo can I put “friends with nevo1st” in my dating bio
omg I’m remember today
what the fuck does that mean Jamie you old twat
so can I get my Christmas gift
nevo important question
what’s your favourite type of bread
no don’t go one I will go bankrupt
do
he already has
just about to sell a kidney to gift more subs
what do you think will get more money the
left or right
your very handsome nevo
Callum's benson is like 3 inches
didnt he fuck a grave?
wow 3 views  u really feel off
hey Nevo how are you today
didn't u already so this one Nevo
transformers!??!!?
i am the least favourite?
ME!
@SofiyeG wow
what about me nevo
i bet i do :( cos ur so mean to me
wow was about to give you 500 bits for that but NVM
u stupid fucking
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 5 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 83 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to ecco2klover! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to polaroid_horror! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to notacat10! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to guynamedpipe3! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to thomas123729! 
have them for the stake bake and a wank that made me laugh
sorry what was that nevo!?!?!?
Cheer100    Hello mr Nevo take this bits and get a nice sausage roll and read the lad baby book
2
ngl im kinda tired of all the griffing and stealing and invisible people runing around hitting people its kinda not making it fun to play
@sneele_ no
@bill_schitt they have put that behind a paywall now
@bill_schitt ik but so many are doing it now finding ways around it
im am done with being on the server for a bit im so tired
@bill_schitt goodnight fellow callum fan
i mean i wasnt going to bed i ment more im tired of the server not the stream but ok guess im leaving now since you want me 2! :(
but a dog isnt a man?
stupid nevo
there dogs
read the MC chat lol
panglewang
@SofiyeG i keep having problems its driven me off the server ngl
@bill_schitt yeah all my main stuff is in there but it keeps getting destoryed so i made my own
u mean drinking
Hey Nevo!
@nevo1st best Corner
Ello everyone
@ma1va_ hey
@nevo1st film night tonight!!??!
@Rizzo04 Hey rizzo glad u could be here for ur 1st nevo stream
@Rizzo04 HAHAHHAA
smash 100$
@SofiyeG ew..
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 1 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 84 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to Renegade_Titan_! 
hey @rizzo04
listen I’m autistic and a picky eater
wow
so rude
crying rn /j
my dinner genuinely wasn’t even that nice and ruined my Christmas
@rizzo04 why have you gone bloody woke
ur mam is a beef dinner
@nevo1st is this a bad time to admit my dinner was made my ex wife last year before she left and took the kids away from me
wow ;(
I’m just getting bulled here
leaving this stream
@boommer69 I’m taking the piss lol
can I get nice stuff said to me pls
nevo can u remake the Christmas Carol but it’s just u homeless for a hour
I got drunk at the dinner table and made 2 gromits have boom boom
I will stuff you nevo wink wonk wink
wow everyone is so rude to my dinner I made myself cos no family was around to see me on Christmas
can I explain mine I did it myself cos I spent Christmas alone with no family @nevo1st
Cheer100 cant believe you rosted my lonely mans Christmas dinner >:( :angryman:
nevo1sFuming
people saying nathan freaks me out lol i keep thinking there talking to me
@Rizzo04 bye rizzo X
Cheer100    Nevo did you hear Gail platt left at christmas sexy Gail platt gone!
SHE IS SEXY!
@bill_schitt wish she would
i will mute my mic
SHOW THEM!
Cheer100  isnt that the guy who likes feet?
he is a bad bad child loving man in that oine
i enjoyed that very fun
long awaited yet its been 2 days?
Hey everyone btw!
@Rizzo04 AYOP Rizzo
happy new year nevo chat
we cant hear u]
dumbass
but it makes it better
Cheer100  did you fucking take a bite out the fucking box?!?!
i dont like the way ron looks on the box ngk....
can u play darkness arives?
Cheer100  its  a game made by Mini tom and its fucking shite and everyone bullyed him for it so he quit making games
@Rizzo04 what Rizzo said
wish i did :(
its fucking woke!?!?!?!
useing paper bags thats fucking woke!
i wont watch a stream that is woke unsubbed un followed reported stolen ur pants
that was funny
woke cunt
no mate u would be ron
i have a bunch of Lego Batman stuff i can show it on the discord if anyone wants to see (pls someone ask :()
@cocoKofu i have 3 lego millenium falcons
@SofiyeG me and my brother use to tip a box out and call it a lego baby
@Rizzo04 wow lasted a day
less then  a day*
his penis
can u show us ur brown flaps pls
!sr NO NONCESENSE - OFFICAL MUSIC VIDEO
Cheer100 master has given dobby a cum sock""
Cheer100  Hey Nevo its me Len Lego from Lego i think ur just stupid mate and used the wrong part somewhere else
@SofiyeG i didnt say anything that was Len Lego CEO of Lego
FUCK LOOK AT THAT BEND!
U KNOW HE BOTTOMS!
Hey its Len Lego again from lego mate sorry we never asked ur permission to use your likeness for the lego set Cheer100
@Iu_cyy Hey!
@bill_schitt i get that reference
Cheer100   its me Len Lego and i was right once again stupid nevo
ITS LEN!
Nevo stream idea u tell us where u live and we send bread to ur house
@SofiyeG HAHAH
!sr https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=389qlSTK_OI
!sr New Fall Guys Map
NO THAT WASNT THE SONG I WANTED!>:(
@bill_schitt im killing myself fuck twitch
@SofiyeG cry
Cheer100  hey its me len Lego and as CEO of lego i have to say we dont make that man in brown so how is he brown mr Nevo1st
SOMEONE CLIP THAT!
hey nevo why did u rob me outside a Tesco
nevo just fell down the stairs pls pray for me
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 1 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 91 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to S09HIE! 
oh ik
no
can u put it in ur belly button tho?
Theta Sigma gifted 800 subs
Cheer100 Hey Len Lego here they go on the bottom of the eye so it fills it out as the top 2 studs go on the top so they would stick out if they where at the bottom to fill it out
Cheer100  hey Len Lego here again mate u messed up and missed a page allso have bad news you have gotten the defect one that comes alive at night and finds your socks
@bill_schitt thats the plan <3
Cheer100  Master Nevo its me Dobby pls dont smash me unless its the other way wink wonk wink
I DIDNT MEAN TO PLAY IT NEVO!
Cheer100 hey its Mark Mega Bloks pls buy some of my sets pls there like lego but cooler
Cheer100 Hey Guys its Len Lego here dont buy Mega Bloks there shit buy legos im Len Lego and i love you all
ONE IN UR ASS!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Cheer100  hey this is just to get the top spot in bits cos fuck Bill /j
not anymore
its mine in both now
@Hrodebert02 u win
61
@Hrodebert02 U BETTER FUCKING NOT!
@ThetaSigma01 LET ME HAVE THIS! :(
@Hrodebert02 pls :(
Cheer100  hey len Lego here u have to make sure its lined up to the holes on the side and bottom mate
Cheer100  its me Len Lego CEO of Lego and as CEO of Lego i have gotten u banned from every lego store or any shop they sells lego if they see you walking by the lego store there to fire lego studs at you
Cheer100  hey its me Len lego name him after me
all of it is real!
HOW DARE YOU SAY ITS NOT REAL!
!sr YOU HAVE GONE TOO FAR THIS TIME - GOD WILL JUDGE YOU!!!
love minitom
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 5 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 96 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to realKDY20! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to uterus_man! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to ThePencilYT! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to luxembourgz99! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to emmalies! 
i think it needs to happy as SOMEONE has allready been to the end
happen*
@Born2Shit_Forced2Wipe mods ban him pls
@bill_schitt his cock HAHAH
i think Rizzo fell in the bog
@SofiyeG was going to interrupt the wedding and steal them both from each other like a good homewrecker
can we have it soon i kinda enjoyed just playing minecraft and it helped with problames
can i take ur nan out on a date?
i dont
i do
FUCK! nevo can i redo my googledoc thing!
i forgot to add Callum
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 4 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 100 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to ruddyplumbus! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to mcmental22! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to Dave_Ravington! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to kerloud! 
100 gifted subs!!!!!!!!!!!
i have now gifted 100 subs and now i can retire
@Nightbot love that video
@AnastasiaBvrhausen b miner right?
@ThetaSigma01 NO I WAS WRONG ITS C MINER!
show us ur Doctor who stuff gimp
u wear rags irl
can i put my hero Callum?
ngl nevo just end stream
Hey everyone!
OMG CONGRATS!
wait? we have to spend points to go piss yet u dont!?
Nevo! why are u aloud to piss for free?
doesn't seem fair
@SofiyeG i think we should start a Revolution
Chat seems active. Consider clipping this moment for nevo1st
@Rizzo04 Nevofeet23
Cheer100 i want callum for nevnation 5 or im unsubing and demanding a refund for everything- jk congratulations on 1000 follower as a bald ginger streamer
Cheer100  ur looking very ian moor like with the crown nevo
@Rizzo04 ok cutie
@paulmccartneyy_ what!?
@SofiyeG i wouldnt want Jamie's milk
this is so cute
this is so cute <3
@FivooTM ?
he is so stupid and useless its cute
hahah rizzo
I think Callum thinks he is a pedo
Callum’s mum
my wife
I feel so bad for Simon after he said his wife didn’t speak to him ;(
HELLO!
oof.... one thing on ur intro screen hasnt aged well
ThetaSigma01 is gifting 5 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 105 in the channel! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to superbearalf! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to vermiciousknid42! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to owenlooms! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to bartsimplton! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to nimajnebed! 
ThetaSigma01 gifted a Tier 1 sub to CallumFromTheCorner! They have given 106 Gift Subs in the channel! 
both
i gifted him a sub to u and u a sub to him
can u get him to  come round my house and show me his furry fortskin
how big do we think Shrek's BENSON is
who is Great Wizard Wenford can someone fill me in on the lore?
enjoy the rest of the stream im going to try and sleep for a hour goodbye nevnation
