hello nevo1st of twitch.tv
this isn’t the joker 2 song it’s the simpsons movie song
get it right
@bill_schitt yep
oh no, stick the hair back on
ruh roh streams over
sneeleRaid sneeleRaid sneeleRaid sneeleRaid
@Rizzo04 speak for yourself
is it the same kevin mccloud from grand designs?
@AnastasiaBvrhausen not worth fighting at this point
@AnastasiaBvrhausen grand designs is mint at any age: watching a posh middle aged man lose all his money trying to build a stupid house while his pregnant wife and kids grow to resent him is top tier telly
@AnastasiaBvrhausen need to get a million pounds to waste first
nor way you're stealing someone's house
i knew you were a franklin pierce fan
@nintendogsforswitch oh shit it wasn't a dream
oh
what a freestyle sneele
i wasn't looking what did panglewang do
balding ginger streamer wants beloved member of community deported
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 aima moses?
@nintendogsforswitch he best react to it today or else
blurry
nevo are you gonna watch big aj's wrestling match
sneele rate me pls
:(
nevnation 4: big brother edition
ugh freak
no lunchly?
@AnastasiaBvrhausen what a game
is the in game date correct now?
:(
while the alex turner superfans are missing can he get gone pls
sorry nevo i had to do it
it's fine he'll get brought back instantly anyway
creamy
nevo thoughts on the person that microwaves fish every day in the staff room during their lunch break - is the death penalty too harsh
@JamieEC it's always same person with leftovers so exactly this
real person at my job
ouuch
@JamieEC too soon. people are mourning
what's your favourite goldbridge moment? mines probably when he told someone whose gran had just died to 'swivel on it'
@JamieEC too soon to talk about cream
not saying i'm sad, just other people are mourning, it's called being respectful
i just did
i can make it out
hair just needs to be lighter
LMAO
who fucking said bom
so kool
viewers have peaked for this segment
all of them :(
we don't know because nevo refused to get to this point of the game
it is group suicide friday
nevo can you watch aima moses can't stay tonight please it is very important to me
the real vips are the nonvips
damn does your mouse curse have the same rules as ic3mini's wifi curse
wee stream
morty g
jamie a secret viewer from 2021
didn't say the homophobic slur for once
what a tune
bye nevo
hello nevo
@nevo1st think we're beyond this counting as being late anymore
too scary lights back on please
got stuck before the game even started
why does piglet not have nostrils
i can see why people were complaining that 4k for an impression was a waste of gorgonzolas
1
nevo every 5 minutes we've been playing: guys it gets scary now
wtf was that
@JamieEC he had a shite kfc meal there
@realKDY20 might be hard to win from beyond the grave
is pretending this game's scary going to be up for best/worst bit at the nevvys?
'just you wait' - didn't give pom gets wifi this much leeway
@ThetaSigma01 no body shaming please
this is how good a16 is
bargain
nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele
nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele this is the only king i'm loyal to
UjuziCC is gifting 5 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 5 in the channel! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to esco_fett! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to lennoen! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to GeorgeFieldTV! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to beau_ukip! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to danistheman001! 
@AnastasiaBvrhausen i'm always just kind of there
HYPE TRAIN BABY
just seen one of the random people that got gifted has ukip in their username
googling how to refund
not sure how often people are using the mr paneer emote
1
we made it
800
yes
mii royal rumble/elimination chamber to celebrate
darragh the dennis the menace?
isn't statistically the dark destroyer awful compared to the others
that's impressive because the wwe2k image uploader/face creator is atrocious
is this the start of you becoming a streamer that does star jumps for subs/writes subs all over their body
not enough bleh bleh blehs
why does this art style really remind me of conker's bad fur day
daniel kaluuya (parking pataweyo)
@nintendogsforswitch YES DJOCEANBREAD
Aima Moses
best bit
worst bit
@AnastasiaBvrhausen get them
@JamieEC what counts as evidence?
think you should've realised that a long while ago
@JamieEC far too many
if this level isn't actually scary i'm boycotting nevember
tree
all piglet had to do was send me the 16 funky digits on the front of his card and the 3 secret numbers on the back
think it's under the pumpkin
as you should
yeh
blurry
livvy heat looks fucking weird
LMAO
you made him look even worse
@ttvbest_fortnite_player stop
@ttvbest_fortnite_player i'm sure you have enough gorgonzolas
that alone was scarier than everything we've seen in piglet game
@ttvbest_fortnite_player well next time you'll know to always bet against nevo
nevo you're too close
off camera: taking a fat rip off his vape
stop describing what's inside your trousers please
@AnastasiaBvrhausen sorry :(
look at him flashing his twitch earnings
miss the old humble nevo
don't be peer pressured
you don't have to backtrack so heavily nevo it's ok to like eurovision
i think that counts
that's how i watch it and i'd count that as liking it
@JamieEC switzerland
doxxing rizzo's chin
@Rizzo04 think we're all good
next question: true or false this is a picture of nevo’s house
night nevo
@nintendogsforswitch it's aima moses make it one day
a second aima moses banger
@lyraawr we still need the legendary pen reaction
@JamieEC we?
Can't stay!
the flying pen is legendary
acting like this isn't your fucking bit
is any icyspicyleondie queued up?
hypetrain time
@HulkShart too harsh a punishment
enjoying fortnite nevo?
@nintendogsforswitch please
i'm good @nintendogsforswitch you?
creamy alex turner skin
can we stop using slurs on the nevo stream please
why are you playing with these psychopaths
nevo how do you have so few bullets
pranked by the prank patrol
the people have spoken
black screen
like 30s ago
the epic highs and lows of fortnite
austin powersd the car lmao
unlucky nevo maybe next round
bye charlie
i'm joking charlie
get ice spice
miss you too ic3mini
@lyraawr can't stay?
@lyraawr you know it
someone change category to eurotruck simulator please
why don't you have a trailer
not a real trucker
@SofiyeG he won't even understand why when it happens, will just say people are bullying him
guys vote ic3mini his wifi gets turned off soon
me me me
i'm getting the nevo1st skin
think the less said the better
fortnite is so ableist
charlie clutch or he's gone
harry when does your wifi get turned off?
@aimamoses the goat!!!
@nintendogsforswitch please i need to see the flying pen
wHo SaId I wAs TweLvE?!
nevo you were actually popping off then fucking hell
:(
@bill_schitt neov
can you ask harry if he's requested extra wifi time to stay on stream
stop bullying harry kane please
sneele suffering from a streaming overdose
bye sneele
nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele
i'm getting the parking pataweyo skin
@bill_schitt shameless pinning your own shoutout
@AnastasiaBvrhausen doing this while predicting yes is crazy work
nevo top 5 beans?
@bill_schitt not very nice
where's snoop
nevo we have terrible news
nintendogsforswitch has been compromised to a permanent end
@paulmccartneyy_ knees weak? arms heavy?
there's one more angel in heaven, there;s one more star in the sky, nintendogs the things that you stood for, like joking about being underage, will never die
the impressions are back!
@JamieEC clique? we in an american high school drama?
were you one of the kids that watched anime without headphones on the school computers?
i think you're fighting the nerd accusations way too hard
sounds like bullying
i believe in ic3mini
nnnnnnnnooooooooooooo
this is so sad
nevo before you go please react to the aima moses can't stay music video
ban him for that
not the time for trolling
bye nevo
sneeleRaid sneeleRaid sneeleRaid sneeleRaid sneeleRaid
sneeleRaid sneeleRaid sneeleRaid sneeleRaid sneeleRaid sneeleRaid
sneeleRaid sneeleRaid sneeleRaid sneeleRaid
hello nevo, we are from the sneele stream, please consider checking him out
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to SCPilot! They have given 6 Gift Subs in the channel! 
no i was also far too old for dream smp
sneele you did have sigmarizzenjoyer
Choo Chooo RawkOut
right i didn't think me clicking ok on the hype train would post a fucking message lmao
what is the plan for this stream outside of just walking round the dreamsmp server lmao
@bill_schitt drove all the nonsubs away
should've been grinding and making moves sneele
nevo if you call him tommy one more time i think the damage is gonna be irreversible
@pabloocolladoo si
nevo i think that 'daddy dream' from you has made me question the 5 months i've been watching
please don't start biting people
@AnastasiaBvrhausen nnnnnnnooooooooooooo
wait did dreamsmp have the nevnation 2 sex mod?
@AnastasiaBvrhausen i agree
nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele
#stopsneeleabuse
can you mute everyone except sneele please
including yourself if possible
racist ryan what a blast from the past
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 dox
ban him
get him gone
nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele
nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele
nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele
nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele nevo1sSneele
boots and cats
i dont think there is
@lyraawr don't shit the stream down
@AnastasiaBvrhausen lies
i wouldn't care enough to do that
hello callum 5dates
@JamieEC callum from 5 dates
@AnastasiaBvrhausen wait no way :(
sneeze now
or else
is mii felipe
nevo stop Kubrick staring please
Gus just tried to attack you through the screen
hype train time
@3vilmcevil share?
@JamieEC not thinking of doing it are you?
hello nevo1st
why are you playing this awful version of year 3000?
bit rude :(
is dj oceanbread secured?
do you want us to fill in the whole thing again or just funniest nevling?
must be possible if people have done speedruns, silly nevo
practice and dedication
years of honing your craft
@lyraawr thank you new mod lucie lyraawr
nevo just in case you didn't know @AnastasiaBvrhausen doesn't want to be mod
best_lesbian's history teacher is clearly a sneele ultra
losing before we even get to the last levels, believers are cooked
nobody said that
dirty man
nevo birmingham has a primark with 5 floors, think you'd love it
AI
I went to uni at Hull, it wasn't that bad there was only one murder
hello superbearalf
lmao i knew you were going to say that, so rude to anastasia beaverhausen
@ic3mini stop being so hostile ic3mini :(
peanuts? would you describe yourself as a peanut eater? i also saw you entered your name as cheater at the start of the stream. interesting
i was going to but reconsidering now you've said that
wait luxembourg's a farmer? are you striking?
what did you do
do you need to do the dishwasher
1
can we listen to anuc attitawan chestnuts roasting on an open fire
the kids in year 1 round the world are gonna love this song
DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance
first outlast and now piglet's big game, the door might be nevo's ultimate nemesis
offer some chippy chips and he'll be there
have you asked sigmatrucker?
think it's like 40 but still
@nintendogsforswitch same one i saw
nevo1st tv burp?
nevo can we hear a fun fact about tame impala, such as how many members they have?
@lyraawr did you know that's kim jong un's favourite song
@AnastasiaBvrhausen fingers? acting like he has any
it;s our stream now
@AnastasiaBvrhausen have you ever played vampire the masquerade bloodlines?
@AnastasiaBvrhausen it might be my favourite game even if it can be a bit clunky because of its age
@ic3mini ^
you never apologised for stealing my identity btw
nevo...
stop bullying actual children in chat please
what a surprise you picked niv
can confirm this is what happens
come back and permanently ban everyone who said stay gone
did anyone else play the really old quidditch game? think I had it on gba
2d shrek fighting game was peak
@anastasiabvrhausen not 100%sure there’s a correlation there
dunkin
there’s some good places that do fancy ones that are insane (can’t say the name of the places near me without doxxing myself)
nevo stop wibbly wobbling right now
@ttvbest_fortnite_player excellent shout charlie
please put it back on so I avoid the temptation to delete peoples favourites from the island
nevo I definitely voted believe and you have my permission to give up
@nintendogsforswitch the games the game
can you not say you’re edging us please I’m taken
@folklohre ai? only real cat dances for me
DJ OCEANBREAD!!!
we’ll believe it when we see it
the believers are about to arrive like the avengers
how much more of this game is there until you complete it?
I’ve seen so many tweets saying Barron trump is the second coming of Augustus Caesar it’s crazy
can you do the Spanish bit please
@lyraawr I think he fucked over all team 10 no? I mean where are any of them now
holy moly
nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles nevo1sSmiles
wwe?
goatis
add Otis to the island
@folklohre Otis is goated
@folklohre wwe otis would never do the shit sex education otis did
think?
hype train time
@hulkshart don’t betray us doubters
@ttvbest_fortnite_player I’ve been on your side recently, don’t make me go back to redeeming time out
are we?
are we actually near the end?
@paulmccartneyy_ hard at your age tbf
I feel like this is literally gonna be that clip where the guys like ‘easy top 3… 16TH???’
on world book day at the school I work at one of the children accidentally brought in a sexual mr man parody book
guys it’s still snowing loads
you’re 5’6 I don’t think you’re anything other than a twink
@folklohre don’t forget the ninjas
you would 100% blast that down the mic at us
pay out?
night nevo
bye verybody
hello
yes the weird screeching
no
just gerudo valley
hi nevo loved the new intro, very unique
@Rizzo04 5 mins too late
i'm joking
not quite a million pal
@SofiyeG caught on camera, can't deny it
train station after a fun day at the cheese museum
supernanny loves a baldie
supernanny's second husband gonna be bald nonce
ok scarborough it is nevo
9 in english btw
i feel like this is what was inside the ark of the covenants in raiders of the lost ark
not even top 2 anymore? get rid of his vip
:o
redeem the points then
total drama island
is it possible for a baby to be a member of the edl, genuinely concerned
@SofiyeG this is big talk now that bigfattyfatso can kill miis
LMAO
went right for the jugular
mr mii sounds like the name of a digraced former childrens presenter
do you think it'd actually be explicit or just a quick cash grab to bait in curious subs
doxxed
NNNNOOOOOOOOOOO
who the fuck is ilie vasilescu
@JamieEC how many times have you had some this week?
how long do they have immunity
because i'm tempted alreadt
rip malteser
how many spots on the island are there now?
that would have to be very expensive
wait would it be permanent or temp immunity?
oooh ok
@JamieEC maybe this is a sign from god to have fewer chineses
@JamieEC yeah i did this once because the one i normally went to was closed and the new one i went to was in the local paper a few weeks later for having rats and a pigeons nest in the kitchen
!play
why do i feel like you'd rage less at dark souls than piglets big game
!womensrights
got to be back left
@AnastasiaBvrhausen
it's so over :(
yes
Aima Moses
can't believe best lesbian's teacher is called mr rizz
when i was in school our new deputy head teacher said in assembly that we were all his presents and he couldn't wait to open us all up
wait are wallace and gemma not married??
NNNNOOOOO
poll please
@AnastasiaBvrhausen add it to the list
evil streamer
it's fine i didn't vote for geoguessr anyway
flushed away edit just isn't gonna hit with no sound
no sound
nevo can you play new fall guys map please
!sr aima moses can't stay
homemade curry
DangerDance new fall guys map DangerDance
1
@ic3mini @lyraawr
nevo stop harassing these poor elephants
what?? you mean when ic3mini killed you repeatedly in minecraft that made you think he wasn't trustworthy? i'm shocked
@ic3mini think i've got more chance than you do to become mod
@best_lesbian don't think the best lesbian would be so mean
jeremy clarkson, jake humphrey and a few others do the a level post every year
i can imagine, would probably recommend actually
can my cat gus do one
i just told gus and he meowed i think he's excited
right
idk nevo i think secretly you really like this music
that's how it works right
same night yeh?
wales
well that went about as well as i expected
night nevo
night nevnation
hello nevo it’s ujuzi from sneeles chat
I had lasagna
don’t like when the gnome turns sneevil
I would hope so it’s been like 15 years since the last Wallace and gromit
can you make him look like wallace please
in honour of the new trailer
large
tic tac head
who keeps playing ladbaby
!sr demetriusb
commoner
man of the people
we'll see
yes
the anti-marcus rashford
it is loud but not awful
!sr feliz navidad
!sr feliz navidad
can we all work to get christmas boom to christmas number 1
i thought you were pro at this game?
they asked which one you prefer
scamjay strikes again
you can really tell its on simple mode
asylum probably
gus the cat is very excited you said he could host hes been practicing all day
i can see why this was the furthest you got last time, undead burg too much for you even on simple mode
!sr christmas boom
@Nightbot this is not what i wanted i hate you forever nightbot
new fall guys map
!sr aima moses can't stay
!sr gillette the best a man can get
feel like it massively fell off 10ish+ years ago
@Tashathetwat very fun fact
nevo have you seen the weird al film?
i enjoyed it
5'6?? it;s 4'6
my mums dead
you also got 3 in a row when i was there
@lyraawr we did it the next night and repeated the feat
@AnastasiaBvrhausen repressed or depressed (i enjoy fairytale of new york)
i love demetriusb from blur
@bill_schitt this is unreal fishing
@ttvbest_fortnite_player but you're the ttvbest_fortnite_player
Aima Moses time
the flying pen is legendary
wow didn't know you were architecturally racist
wtf
my lawyers will be in contact
at the start of the stream he was talking about how he wouldn't rage at this game and now he's so angry he's slandering me
why not
@Tashathetwat musics gone, heads gone, what next
!BLOOD LOSS!
i thought that's why people liked dark souls, because every enemy has a billion health and 2 shots you
you've already stated it's conan off stream
stop telling us to piss off :(
they all attack you? maybe you’re the problem
I believe
where my believers at
@nintendogsforswitch goat
nevo my disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
remember believers 99% of gamblers quit just before they win big
@lyraawr probably
@sofiyeg the belief is all that matters (I’ll pretend I’m not only betting a small fraction of my points as I secretly lack belief)
style
flair
playing this on a Thursday is cruel
Gargoyle Tail Axe
Gargoyle tail axe
gargoyle tail axe btw
prediction please I’m getting the itch to lose money
believers rise up
can we nominate gargoyle tail axe for veggies nevling?
*beggiest
@nintendogsforswitch do I see this correctly, are you doubting?
@nintendogsforswitch have you betrayed the cause?
Lock In
@nintendogsforswitch I will accept this reasoning this once
STOP SINGING AND FOCUS
NOOoOo
this is all a test of faith, like job in the bible my faith will not waver
skip to do they know it’s Christmas
Believe!
I get gargoyle tail axe everyday! I get gargoyle tail axe!
believers believe in believing
what did I want? to believe in my favourite streamer! what did it cost you? everything…
3
I believe
I will die before I stop believing (might be before this boss is done)
:(
I’m going to bed night nevo, believers double your belief in my absence
@ttvbest_fortnite_player we see the 2 buddy
nevo pls
this is the run
naahhhh wtf
what is this shite
I hate 7pm
hello Ryan (not racist probably)
so much for last weeks ‘first and only’ Fortnite stream
jamieec? definitely bots ban them
respect meowscles
bottom right
it says next teammate and previous teammate
@SofiyeG believers rise
where's the hype train at :(
UjuziCC is gifting 10 Tier 1 Subs to nevo1st's community! They've gifted a total of 16 in the channel! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to sonicyouthes! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to reformedalvin! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to Totally_Wired_47! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to bigkidscry! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to never10112929! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to burnttoasttLoL! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to joe_144p! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to pidgeyon_iz_kool! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to aquitaniaa! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to jackatomy2000! 
happy tax refund day!
@AnastasiaBvrhausen takes one to know one
@AnastasiaBvrhausen no comment
who is scottyjr in chat?
ahh ok ty
wow got the gift subs he wanted and is now bouncing
might predict no ngl
just kidding i live and breathe believe
oh shit it's john wick
harry lock in
@SofiyeG true think i'm voting him out next
@ic3mini thanks ic3mini carry these scrubs please
maybe they were saying what they saw (a shite griddy)
can people predict so i can win more money
charlie pretending his imaginary cousin's going to get annoyed when you spam charlie's alt
@paulmccartneyy_ was it deserved?
harry clutch up
please
i'm a believer, i couldn't leave her if i tried
ice spice works at hull kfc
NNNNNNNOOOOOOOOO
would be very awkward when it keeps being nevo
GayPride GayPride GayPride GayPride
believe
@lyraawr not sure about this one
when did we pivot to euro truck sim?
btw nevo I’ve just spoken to Anastasia and they’ve told me they don’t want to be made mod
hello folklohre and nintendogsforswitch
good try everyone
Nevo that’s not true! Jamie had an Indian and a milkshake tonight!
hello nikita 11111111122222nd of your name
have all the Pooh jokes just been his way of getting back at you for years of abuse
if so I forgive you bill schitt
nevo is actually incapable of saying no to anyone it’s crazy
nevo that’s my fence you just knocked down, hope you’re ready to pay some compensation
and don’t say you can’t there’s a cash point right there
thought you weren’t shooting your gun this game…
wait does that mean ic3mini is short for isis mini? concerning
@lyraawr think until he denies we have to assume it’s true
get tomato Tom out of here
nikita1111111122222 is already a great nickname
moldova got the epic sax guy right?
this is the new ic3mini
I thought it was Nikita not freakybob very confusing
@folklohre what a rascal
well that was an interesting 15 minutes
I wonder what nikitas doing right now
@nintendogsforswitch well it’s better than before
nevo you can’t say that! my friend Nikita is Moldovan
Ingerland
Kazakhstan is not a European country you donkey
maybe it’s a coincidental name
@luxembourgz99 Malta? Liechtenstein? Andorra?
I love Greece
Iceland is a must visit if you haven’t been imo
nevo have you asked aima Moses?
even while saying sorry he called you a bitch lmao
maybe he’s already been banned in every other stream
pipe’s Moldovan cousin
bye ave
what entertainment do you provide at weddings because I’m not sure I want someone downing 50 beroccas at my wedding
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 we had pipe
@folklohre if your finger slips and times him out I’ll look the other way
bye nevo
that was good nevo
i just got a tax refund and was spreading the love
@lyraawr I’ll think about it
bye
hello
booooo
no
@fivootm yes
what do you mean she doesn’t trust them, in what way?
hello William schitt
true hope he’s updated his skin to be a tomato
@ttvbest_fortnite_player don't expose him like that
i bet niv has bitten someone
already written off any chance of success with sneele, believe in yourself
it's not looking good
LMAO
good try sneele and bill schitt
why can i see nevo falling in there very soon
maybe tasha really likes mr blobby you never know
no point asking i know sneele's going all the way
lone pail
honestly when this was suggested i was confused because i thought, surely he;ll manage this after only a couple attempts but now i understand
the lone pail
he;s put himself into a killbox
maybe you could lure him out by inviting him to host a nevvy
defeat the ender dragon? more like this speedrun is going to enderlessly drag on
@nintendogsforswitch thank you
i'm in my mildly unkind era
@AnastasiaBvrhausen i'd remember that
@lyraawr it is, it's tough just kind of being there
damn got him
what version is this on again?
run nevo run
nevo if you hide underwater the monsters can't get you
just realised nevo is trying to throw this round because he's been going for an hour and hasn't been able to have a vape break yet
not sure it's gonna matter who nevo plays with at this rate
@SofiyeG and very quickly
idk connor did randomly become a cunt during raidgate
digging straight up, breaking the golden rule
you are wilbur soot no? look at your skin
how long ago was it that nevo was saying he was gonna show us all up?
nikita1111111111111111111111112222222222222222
@ThePencilYT generous giving him that long
ok i was just about to but i wouldn't want to do something you don;t want
@AnastasiaBvrhausen what a film
@Rizzo04 not quite
you can't really have a go at anyone else for fucking around when you've been rping as wilbur soot 90% of the time
sneele karaoke time please
test it out
how long until pencil's prediction?
@sneele_ good idea sneele
a16
leaves them intrigued and wanting more nevo
he did message that he was going home in chat
@tashathetwat in character as Bernard black?
I believe so for piglins
I think it’s nearly pencil time
is tomato Tom ok?
wait I think this was actually eerily close to the time pencil sais
who won, who’s next, you decide
lmao
philomena cunk and mr fart dream team
nevo I heard you typing
@lyraawr so true
maybe you shouldn’t have told him to follow you on 15 accounts to be unbanned
nevo can you and Conan stop being mean to anastasia please
41
5
it’s for morale
mental health matters nevo
habahhahaha
blame nevo for dying so quickly anastasia
this trios definitely in my top 3 tonight
honest question does Jamie ever cook at home
I’m younger than you jamie
sorry to say
we saw your last two attempts
you could have ic3mini and morcou and it doesn’t matter if nevo decides to jump down a hole again
not the question the believers wanted to hear
limmys chat is something else
kebab now?
11pm dinner
think you can keep doing this rest of the year
try not to die in 5 minutes then pls
I believe in the trackpad legend
easiest dub
ave keep an eye on nevo please
nevo please leave
don’t throw
@folklohre he’s the catalyst of every teams demise it’s crazy
made more progress the past 5 mins than in the previous 3 hrs
@sofiyeg don’t pls :(
NOOoOOoOo
ave
that was nevos fault
nevo stop throwing please
‘if you follow with 15 accounts I’ll unban you’ ‘why does he keep following on new accounts’
wait is that veenstar591?
wait sofiyeg is a doubter????
what is going on
@sofiyeg I don’t disagree but your belief was one of the few constants in nevnation that could be relied on
@sofiyeg thank you
sorry Anastasia some people are just so rude
what’s that supposed to mean? I’m always a believer?
i don’t know why when you keep killing yourself but I still believe
I keep forgetting when you say sneele that he’s not actually here
I believe
even if you said it was ‘interesting’
@sofiyeg doesn’t want the endless content well to dry up
NEVO
next time hide in a hole until someone beats the ender dragon for you
unfortunately:(
do it again
bye nevo and chatters
hey nevo why are you playing Keri starmers wwe theme?
*keir ffs
I would’ve won Jamie’s kahoot if he didn’t forget which Gallagher brother was on the island so it’s automatically bad
have you tried turning it off and on again
you died
UjuziCC subscribed at Tier 1. They've subscribed for 5 months, currently on a 5 month streak! the flying pen is legendary
no worries i love just being here nevo
maybe do a prediction saying will i win in the next 10 attempts to save your mods doing a prediction every 30seconds
gamer tip: if you find yourself getting stressed, pause and take break!
wow even in games us british people can't escape the binding limitations of the class system
@AnastasiaBvrhausen you got me
@bill_schitt what sauce do you put on your pizzas?
@bill_schitt nice, nevnation meet up with catering by bill schitt
!sr jingle boom
@AnastasiaBvrhausen imagine nevo trying a normal one.... this is for the best
we including last time as well?
nevo have you considered having a mental health break
@SofiyeG optimistic to the point of delusion honestly
nevo's real feelings about charlie come out
i'd try not standing still and getting hit but that's just me
i've heard the stamina bar in this game is based on your real life stamina
piglet's big game?
money
where my believers at
resin up
@SofiyeG you know what they say 99% of believers stop just before they win big
believe
i won 1762
panglewang, i havent heard that name in decades
'i hate this song' while singing it
they heard your big trotters stomping through
that's going in the awful nevo pictures
wouldn't press that button next time pal
pack this characters order pls
twice a week? has jamie been cutting down?
@ttvbest_fortnite_player ohhh makes sense
nevo play skyrim so you can get called a filthy milk drinker very 5 seconds
bigbird?
!sr eggs sausage chips and beans
@JamieEC not gonna happen you're keeping her in business
is the apple watch rotten right to the core?
i requested aima moses a while ago
have you found the backlog list yet or are they all lost
i am here
i am here ffs
so hard messaging in such a big streamers chat :(
@AnastasiaBvrhausen sorry
he has a flying pen and it is legendary
play what i've sent you until the flying pen pls
YYYEYSSS
this might be the greatest day of my life
the flying pen is legendary
check comments
this was a inside joke my friends had in secondary school lmao
it's a turban, respect my rastafari king
it is a rastafari headwear yes
compromise with a similar hat
he has dreads irl
@kerloud cancelled
@FivooTM missed out on the flying pen
guess
40 was more reasonable
:o the flying pen
think i'll just piss myself rather than spend 6k in this economy
hat him up
thank you nevo i feel much better
@paulmccartneyy_ thank you
first the chef hat incident and now the accent, this is gonna go down as the infamous racist stream
@paulmccartneyy_ physically incapable of saying no to chat messages
hi new chatter, is this mr mii from TikTok?
@rizzo04 only sometimes?
can’t wait for the flying pen emote
nooo not callum from 5 dates :(
folklohre :(
@kaciepain_ wasn’t the discord incident enough warning lmao
York Christmas markets one of the better ones
Charlie he’s bluffing, ask again
you could say you were ‘really close nevo’
Aima Moses :)
@bill_schitt that’s unasseptable
2004?? surely not
it was me
piglets big game classic
night nevo, love to the family
hello nevo1st
@lyraawr hello lucie lyraawr moderator
@kaciepain_ mods?
@lyraawr :)
and then what, swallow it? spit it out?
loved the worms games back in the day
log in
see who has problems
and aima moses
apple
what a lovely man
@SofiyeG would be the highlight of anyones career
@bill_schitt disgusting behaviour
@bill_schitt starmer must condemn
holiday attire (before holiday got ruined)
why did you turn her round?
he's the money saving expert off tele
lil man
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 big?
years supply of berocca?
hans not looking very super
he doesn't look like he's taken enough crack
he needs to look more like he's scowling
which worms do you have?
chatters you can buy 4 copies of worms revolution for 5.99
you can do eurotruck online and create a convoy
i promise i won't crash into you
@lyraawr maybe ;)
martin lewis money saving expert
every year
well we know why nevo was asking for a tenner now
she's gone
i had both
both sucked
victorian day was just doing chores round some old house while people shouted at us, ww2 day was just pretending to hide from bombs and then being an air raid warden
evacuees
hello raiders
saw one mean comment and now we’re all awful
think I was more of a Smart guy than art attack
gifted subs to Rebecca’s Chinese and aima Moses what a goat
hi jimbob, if you’re lurking just remember Jesus took it up the dirtbox
nevo please think of the impressionable Jimbobs in chat
welcome raiders
why are they so angry?
why does it look like kacie pain if they were in the Tracy beaker books
@triabtrue bog off
@triabtrue I’m sorry I just wanted to make a funny Tracy beaker reference, please forgive me triabtrue
@triabtrue :)
@gozoh_ we also have that problem
respect Mandy iPhone
you just all are in the same game world
you can drive near each other
I’ll get it if you’re definitely going to play it
put it on steam friends only
1
ram ram ram
wtf
I’m updating the game
‘idk what’s happening’ think you’ve crashed pal
@anastasiabvrhausen congratulations on your a16 success
find a city nearby
broke
it was worth it, money is temporary, ramming Jamie is forever
@kaciepain_ thanks for the question kacie! have you considered therapy?
you nearly in Rotterdam yet?
you not had yours yet??
nevo what button is to chat
got booted :(
a16?
you didn’t come back for me :(
so shrigma
do you have mariokart or is this what we're stuck with
wait is worms Armageddon the old classic one?? if so i played that loads as a kid
@ymeou goated
isn't that certain streamers whole usp
leave hull uni alone please
ooooh a ramp
on which game
the best worm strategy is to place yourself in a corner and let your opponent kill themselves trying to get you
@JamieEC the old ones are like 90s old but there are newer ones
deji did a mii royal rumble that was won by parking pataweyo instead of scottish declan
bye nevo
love to all the nevlings
your words
new fall guys map
new fall guys map
YYYEEESSS
New fall guys map
new fall guys map
I wanna buy the new ninja skin
DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance
step into nevo stream
i mean they're still playing with you
'fivoo and fin are really good so this'll be the one'...
try not to get yourself killed before triabtrue joins please
eat
everyone can make a one off mistake, with you it isn't a one off
@ThePencilYT the ring 2: twitch chat edition
@nintendogsforswitch thank you i will
getting a bit ahead of yourself talking about after beating this
nevo use coords
@kaciepain_ talks to me like dirt while also stealing my identity :(
@AnastasiaBvrhausen columbus was the original special viking
just asking to fall into a cave
tomodachi wednesday
!sr aima moses can't stay
cheater cheater hole eater
@lyraawr who's calling?
:o
@ttvbest_fortnite_player don't think its happening charlie
jamieec ip doxxed
nevo the children are clearly bored can you jangle your keys in front of the webcam to placate them
now playing: my way - lucie lyraawr
:(
@lyraawr we can't let the haters win
'first try'
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NEVO
THE BIG 60
@lyraawr true
@ic3mini he just can't help himself
you're in a crisis! get supernanny on the case
surely not... don't tell me nobody knows the coordinates
'its not me' ok kerloud
@nintendogsforswitch psy but even better
....
@kaciepain_ are we voting for kacie pain or paul mccartney as best mod?
hello Minecraft Champions!!
it's THE scratch thank you
put some respect on their name
new fall guys map
@SofiyeG let him have this
12 345 678 91
mysery_man
must’ve sold so many faulty doorknobs he doesn’t even know who it could be
is that the real jzargo from skyrim
9th dec it’s very soon
^
knew I was right to believe
@sofiyeg it’s still very possible nevo does something silly
@nintendogsforswitch wish I was
was good ave, how was yours?
@kerloud mentally or?
fair enough kerloud I respect it
nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS
Yeesss
so many points
12 points from the 1 I bet I’m a baller
well done on your hardcore run Wilbur soot
give them all your Fortnite money
should've kept throwing i mean what are you going to farm for content now
nevo is it worms revolution you have? if so chat it's 2.19 on steam or 5.99 for 4 copies
DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance
you heard me and ic3mini complaining about secret ads this afternoon and saw pound signs
it was about piglets big game when we were like 3hrs in and you were determined to finish it that stream i think it's fair enough
you silly sausage
my second one didn't go through so i'm fucked big time after that
we built this penis on sausage rolls
i brought the pooh stream
bit too warm innit
it's fucking me watching the stream because i'm like 20 seconds behind and i'm trying to follow the timer
ran out of time
back in the game
didn't come last let's go
bye nevo
night everybody
hello nevo1st and William schitt
@panglewang tell all of them to load the stream on their phone
right someone bet on someone else, want to actually win something when I bet on Harry
right nevo I’m a believer (I only did this because basically everyone else has already bet on Harry knowing he’ll win)
epic eight doxxed
@jamieec something tells me there might be more than the 3 people on call in the group
didn’t wipe or wash his hands dirty bugger
nevo already throwing :(
tutorial Tom
@sofiyeg true start bullying hairehdb please
!sr happy birthday
happy birthday rizzo and nevo
fuck the 99%ers
really putting the speed in speedrun
oh what a night, late November on the nevo stream, Tom can’t play the game with any speed, what a shitshow what a night!
@sofiyeg I’ll take your word for it
guys can we stop bullying tomato Tom ‘games fault’ schitt please
@ic3mini stop shilling for the 99%
@ic3mini glory hunting is very boring
nevo pleeeaaaaseeee stop throwing
we remember the ‘chefs hat’ incident nevo
@sofiyeg I mean is tomato Tom any better?
@ic3mini look someone has to bet outside the obvious otherwise there’s no point in betting
hello ave
@jamieec which one?
think Harry might win, just a hunch
just heard through the grapevine nevo has in fact cheated, care to comment mr crews?
enjoy the points I hope they make you happy, what a sad little life @ic3mini
the goat
I love parking pataweyo
ave I was gonna say…
@sofiyeg just came back in, what’s the context behind this lmao?
@lyraawr YEEES!!!
@sofiyeg I will not die
whose worm am i
nnnnooooooooo
:(
nevo you better win me points after letting me die
rip sofiye
you just died jamie
please stop the tomato Tom slander
let’s go ave!
pipe?
leave ave alone :(
LMAO
what is about nevo in games and killing himself
what flavour vape you on atm?
leave ave alone tomato tom
where’s Tommy wiseau in your top 5?
league or tournament?
worms tournament? I will be there
get it on wormstok now
why can’t we all just get along
@sofiyeg so sad
nevos raging
silly ic3mini
@paulmccartneyy_ it’s fine they’re all mentally the same age
that was a really good ‘nevo doing a shite impression’ impression! keep it up!
@sofiyeg sweatier than the cheese stream?
@sofiyeg probably true
big boom? Alexa play jingle boom
@folklohre nobody puts Callum in the corner
happy birthday nevo
nevo can you stop talking about worming, we don’t want to know about your latest vet appointments
:)
no freedom of movement? the struggles of being a worm in post-brexit society
nevo why does this feel like projection…
too hard to keep the mine, not hard enough to push him off :(
well done ic3mini, very deserved
@jamieec dodgy Chinese?
hello
new fall guys map
congratulations nevo
have you told your rents they're gonna be grandparents
ian
@ttvbest_fortnite_player baby killer
2 wrinkly old bags
poor jezza
@ttvbest_fortnite_player ethan's been a worm this whole time?
...
sometimes our inside thoughts don't need to become outside thoughts
nevo's forming a rival league with tiktok verstappen
reported the stream
be nice to mandy iphone
are you sure that was the real simple simon discord...
when's the new one coming??
@JamieEC you thinking of when he got made in sims?
@bill_schitt true
mr mii is mr washed
@lyraawr blacklist bestie full stop?
nevo have you seen the clips of him on four in a bed?
chin/jaw needs changing
simple simon not so simple to make
first the inheritance tax now this...
Aima Moses mentioned
worms time
@paulmccartneyy_ :(
@sofiyeg :(
@sofiyeg it’s true (not played in like 15 years) but still hurts
@paulmccartneyy_ bit rude
death threats from a mod :(
@lyraawr pls stop being mean to me
@paulmccartneyy_ *somehow*
1
@SofiyeG tmi
welcome raiders
you really saw that fortnite money and went full greedy streamer
go on gimpy perm boy
ai???
the clients wanted half a belt nevo
remember guys the vote for sweatiest gamer is still open
@SofiyeG same, been carried in enough fortnite games to know who the real goat of sweat is
@SofiyeG think he's manipulative here imagine having played among us with him
@SofiyeG oh 100% when you know he's lying and everyone else laps up every word he says
@nintendogsforswitch honestly, bullying a child
reported
@nintendogsforswitch i'm good ave, how are you doing
@nintendogsforswitch nice!
@SofiyeG the way it's meant to be
no
ic3 'the goat' mini
wtf is this
go on gimpy perm boy
why did you just flip us all off :(
@nintendogsforswitch be careful, he's already on the edge and i don't want him to take that out on you
i miss when worms games took the piss out of you more, where's the messages like 'gimpy perm boy's sleeping with the fishes'
@SofiyeG it was definitely in one of the ones i played when small
well done harry ic3mini
who's next nevo?
you doing a knockout tournament or league? only asking because i want to play more worms rather than just being out after 1 game
well he is someone's dad
@izzyatzizzis don't ask questions you're not prepared for the answer for
i'm not...
:(
hello lucie lyraawr
bye nevo
hello nevo1st
looks good
do the beatles dating sim and marry pete best
delete save?
maybe wait a second before declaring it works
bald?
no friends?
just trying to understand what way you;re like jimmy
should play a good game like the gordon ramsey dating sim rather than this glitchy unfinished mess
@AnastasiaBvrhausen i am your friend
garfield???
female
girl
in the kitchen table?? sounds uncomfortable
owner???
why is paul mccartney purchasing 18yo girls
the monkees were formed in 1966, inaccurate game 4/10
did she have a migraine again?
your favourite beatle is the one buying slaves...
is this a horror game?
what is the timeline of this game, nothing makes sense
@lyraawr can't stand paul harrison
@lyraawr bit mean :(
anyway george's solo career clears the others
they're all dickheads though, they all either perenially cheated on their spouses or beat then
@SofiyeG he's probably my fav but he did basically give his wife away to eric clapton
wicked (2024) sound
@ic3mini ^
'hello i'm a member of the fabulous four' says the biggest bellend you've ever met
when did they unofficially meet?
the inaccuracies in this game are too much to bear
look at all of ringos rings
we live in a society
'you can't just buy a girl' well apparently you can in 1963
nevo respect the carefully crafted narrative of this game please
get prodded
ello luv i'm george harrison of the fab four
per quackity's editor 'the words ‘this is so cringey’ have been banned, and you will now be receiving a timeout. enjoy'
cringe? mods time nevo out please
butter her up
@ic3mini great?
the kids are crying
nnnnnnnnnnnooooooooooooooooooooooooo
wtf
nevo why
nevo why are you exposing ic3mini to this 18+ content
@AnastasiaBvrhausen don't believe you for a second
@SofiyeG seems to happen every time now, production quality fallen off a cliff
@paulmccartneyy_ how did you manage to eat soap in the bath today paul?
can you do a prediction for if it works
right i went for a drink, is it actually working now?
@izzyatzizzis they're the ninjas to nevo's barney harwood of the prank patrol
hello sneele?
@izzyatzizzis quoi?
@sneele_ i believe in you and the shart
twitch.tv/sneele_
@sneele_ it's fine it's not self promo because i'm not sneele
@izzyatzizzis if only
clip
i think saying you were a chad in school is proof alone you weren't
@SofiyeG can't wait to see in this in the next twitch top moments compilation
lush? body shop? any other chain like that
give jimmy a gimpy gimpy perm when you unlock the barbershop
think if i'm going to see this fight i'm getting a refund
@SofiyeG his favourite game as well
you observed people doing that?
@ic3mini didn't need the correction he plays like a bot
my best mate in secondary school got suspended for 'punching the head', i was there and what actually happened was my mate slipped down a muddy hill and happened to bump into where the headteacher was standing
@bill_schitt unsurprising from the goat tomato tom
@bill_schitt i'm using tomato tom as a title of respect ofc
tbh i can imagine you being a really snotty child
didn't refute tomato tom's message must've been true
can anyone else hear a clubbed seal in the background?
'he had the whole dorm searched because he was smoking weed in his room' ohh nooo the only person in history at uni to smoke weed in their room
@paulmccartneyy_ one of my uni houses had someone that regularly practiced their violin at 3/4am
Iraq
if he knows about Sarah bonicci then it’s Luxembourg
'accidentally'
clipped
bad photo
maybe your webcam's always blurry because it's covered in your slobber
@AnastasiaBvrhausen @Rizzo04
@bill_schitt nevo doesn't have much success with speedrunning
@bill_schitt you know what you're right, i'm convinced
@paulmccartneyy_ nevo1sFrowns this is me
@paulmccartneyy_ a man needs his secrets
@AnastasiaBvrhausen fun friday night?
join harry 'ivegotabigknife' ic3mini on roblox
sorry nevo some of us have work early tomorrow
this is me crying about it pal
he is
it's because we don't want to miss out nevo
hello nevo1st
sorry I’m late you usually start about 30 mins later than this so was caught out
art competition? fuck that when’s the mr fart competition
@lyraawr bit rude to Conan lucie
check on aima Moses and give him a new hat please and thank you
aima Moses pleade
*please
don’t do it
I love my costume
I am a dinosa
ur
this guy just hates aima moses
don’t say that about aima moses he isn’t interested in you like that
this mii is supposed to be mr tumble? looks nowt like him
@ttvbest_fortnite_player should ask him to play worms instead
@ttvbest_fortnite_player exactly what do you have left to lose
has the other one arrived?
why has someone made backrooms declan donnelly
why does he have such
big eyebrows
now this is content
i've heard through the grapevine goosephatt is actually paidhacks, monkeyyolo, jimbob, and pipe all genetically fused into one person
@nintendogsforswitch blame the grapevine for saying such things
@lyraawr *cruel and mildly unkind
can't wait to decide to enter the competition when we're down to the final 2
nevo would you say that you are more boom or doom
shouldn't be hard for 'mr mii'
@cyanyolk that's a big fat DOOM
simples
did you ever go on comparethemeerkat.com back in the day and compare the meerkats
@lyraawr not the same anymore :( now it just shows the meerkats from the ads on comparethemarket.com#
this is actually piss easy, expecting perfection
@AnastasiaBvrhausen alexa change the title to 'jingle bells, anastasia smells'
charlie's is probably the best one why are you shitting on it
yes be a bully
you're a mean one greg inch
is this like when jerma couldn't read the time because he got too high
how many gift subs has theta sigma done?
you're really close nevo
@verstappenfan133 which verstappen are you a fan of? max or tiktok verstappen?
don't call charlie's girlfriend a hoe hoe hoe nevo
forgot to match the fake tan from his face to the rest of the body
why has tomato tom given him a tiny stache and a neckbeard
oh my god he admit it
he is nectarine nevo
i would 100% watch
i need callums corner vs ian moore in a hell in a cell
bully?
who the fuck is voting piglets big game
why does ic3mini have a phat worm
play bully
bye nevo and all of nevnation
he's not playing fortnite with you pal
hello nevo
love when it gets to christmas time and you can finally enjoy christmas treats like mince pies and sausage rolls
wait is there a non-sausage roll version?
there is no non-sausage roll version
sausage rolls reign supreme
@mcmental22 charlie and ethan made a song??
@goosephatt take that back now
you keeping missing the x you silly sausage roll
that was the easiest and you kept messing up??
he might say yes but he also might get the wrong idea
^
don't think santa's elves can make 1000 followers in his workshop
speaking of it's nice that santa's given you time off to stream in busy season
nevo when's the grottos and gremlins stream
character sheets
not sure i can support bullies
they'd probably rather you didn't form any movement at all
@best_lesbian congrats?
go to the school council, everyone knows they're the ones really in charge
maybe they were unwell?
nevo you tried and you failed, the lesson is never try
i'd watch
1
2006 i googled
@SofiyeG probably also like mass effect in getting banned in more conservative countries
if they wanted to make a bully 2 they probably would've in the nearly 20 years it's been
GayPride GayPride GayPride GayPride GayPride
'is it bad i was a bully in primary school' yes
air fryer
where’s the gimpy perm
when did you last go opticians
@ic3mini woah remember if the glove doesn't fit...
how does this keep happening
early onset dementia
sneelePew
you definitely were the kid that would show everyone they'd stuck a needle through the first layer of their skin so it looked like it was through your finger
wow can't believe you just said you hate sofiye
not on
@SofiyeG time to become a full-time sneele viewer
wait can you call pizza places and ask if they do liver in this game?
i did not
hello sneele
RawkOut DangerDance RawkOut DangerDance RawkOut DangerDance RawkOut DangerDance RawkOut DangerDance
nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS nevo1sS
sorry nevo those are unacceptable terms, i will now be forming a political movement and will get all of chat to sign a petition calling for your deposition
no, unless you want more monkeyyolos
i'm not surprised you're saying that tbh, i remember when you were calling for peace and saying he was fine while he was blowing up turkey because you were scared he'd come for norway
hello breezy
never too late to start izzy
what if there was a parking pataweyo roblox game
@izzyatzizzis yeah
me
i had the i'm a celeb wii game and it was one of the worst games i've ever played, doubt the ds game is any better
pretty much same reaction i had to the wii version
think he's stalking you at this point
can you only wear uniform related clothing?
do you think jimmy is more of a new fall guys map or demetriusb guy
you promised a new fall guys map 24 hours stream :(
@ttvbest_fortnite_player ikr they could've been spent timing you out
nice try charles
he should've done something truly awful like drink milk with their chinese
then he would've got bullied
wow so many people in chat have read catcher in the rye
@simplesimon__ hello very real simple simon
@ttvbest_fortnite_player when i was in year 7 everyone was playing cod and gta and getting slurs screamed down the mic at them, he'll be fine
@goosephatt it's the best grade
@goosephatt dw it was still letters when i did them
first talking about fancying josie jump and now talking about going to singapore, i'm so close to getting a line on my nevo bingo card
december 16 is a very busy week for me at work, i'm sure nobody would mind if we pushed it back another week
@FivooTM 8th jan it is
@ic3mini herpes included?
@ic3mini sicko, i respect it
i know i'm about to get hate for this from everyone but home alone is *highly* overrated
@AnastasiaBvrhausen ok sorry jamie i'll do that
majority of home alone 1 is boring as fuck sorry i love spending an hour watching macauley culkin eat pizza and jump on his parents bed
@nintendogsforswitch did not say this
@paulmccartneyy_ the schemes only happen in the last like 10% of the film
@SofiyeG it's also fales
*false
have you played tomodachi life, i think you'd like it
@SofiyeG not a nightmare
bye ruddyplumbus
i mean let's be real, simple simon *was* famous on tiktok a good while ago
nobody's watching simple simon in 2024
@paulmccartneyy_ that's basically the only reason he was famous and as soon as they fell out he dropped off a cliff
enjoying the stream but i'm tired so going bed, night nevo and nevlings
nevo1sDoge nevo1sFrowns nevo1sFrowns nevo1sFrowns
what is this
@anastasiabvrhausen don’t compare yourself to a dog Anastasia
hello nevo your official top fan is here
loyal viewer has spoken
too many sickos in chat unfortunately it’s probably staying
balding streamer bullies his chat into consuming poorly concealed fetish content
become his streaming mentor
so that’s what you were doing when you were too I’ll to stream a little while ago
*ill
please explain what you love about it
explain exactly what it is about the emote you love so much
don’t think simple Simons gonna play Fortnite with you if you get people to spam his chat with a video of a dog licking someone’s toes
@sofiyeg possibly true unfortunately
why did you say girl with such vitriol
nevo thoughts on a cheeky pint of snakebite
not sure i'd count that as hiding
@paulmccartneyy_ he needs to learn to embrace it, it's perfectly natural to be old at his age
@JamieEC is there a worst chat message nevvy
:)
@bill_schitt warning: abusive language
@AnastasiaBvrhausen *mulled to make it extra festive
how will jimmy ever work in a shop now
baldurs gate 3
@SofiyeG 2 goated series
@ic3mini when we doing a coop campaign then
@ic3mini will have to happen some time
greasers hate you because their attitudes towards homosexuality are stuck in the same time period as their clothing
stay another day with parody music video
oh don't you know red faked his admin task, vote me out and you just throw this round away, thought you saw me do my medscan, so don't you say you're gonna vote me anyway - a start for the among us stay another day parody
it's from the verse
not the chorus
@lyraawr thank you lucie lyraawr i appreciate it
'this is like my favourite game of all time'
i wasn't contending it wasn't your favourite game, just now becoming clear why you sicko
clearly not the first time this has happened
'oh what's happening here' is giving the same energy as the i think you should leave skit where he's dressed as a hot dog
clearly the teacher only asked for 4 but nevo took 5 anyway the filthy pervert
has jimmy completed the requisite fire safety training to operate that fire extinguisher??
flag time
@AnastasiaBvrhausen he's been there, don't you know
@dooberrrrrrr nevo played fall guys with luigi mangione?? bet luigi was so excited for the new fall guys map
@lyraawr so sad, probably didn't even get the ninja skin
@lyraawr hero
the truck is faster than the bike nevo
andy murray?
chris hoy probably
the cheater cheater steroid eater?
sorry gus the cat has been really busy he'll get back to you asap
but the panty raid wasn't??
@SofiyeG only doesn't like this because it's his fellow elves getting terrorised
fucking hell this game makes skyrim look polished
goodnight kacie
keep the gimpy perm boy
dads height as well
with the massive forehead?
just what pen island needs, another bald wrongun
noncy stuff
cashing in my money in the bank contract to win the mr mii title when naked jeff is laid out after an intense mii making competition
bye rizzo
imagine someone who would regularly go to zizzis
do the dreads for spaghetti
@izzyatzizzis they do say you are what you eat
he's done it again, how does mr mii do it
air fryer
@ruddyplumbus if i speak
@AnastasiaBvrhausen it's barely rated though, idk anyone whose favourite christmas film is polar express
@AnastasiaBvrhausen ehh fair, feel like i'm of the age where i should be someone that loves polar express but don't know anyone my age that likes it
isaac gonna become the new cal the dragon?
should probably add ladbaby's best mate ed sheeran to keep him company
@AnastasiaBvrhausen the right people think i'm fit and that's enough for me
thinner eyes
imo
can you make the mouth longer without making it wider
the entire book? probably not no
sneelePew
yes
hello jafar loving the content!! who's the gimpy permy boy behind you?
not really, why are his eyebrows so squiggly
nevo have you seen the video of the guys that decide to become method film critics and so watch one of the tmnt films while living in an abandoned subway station eating only pizza
forgot to say watch it repeatedly for like a week
what day is it again?
don't think you needed to watch all that porn as part of your research
never seen this guy before in my life
can you check on aima moses before bed please and thank you
yes he did
@paulmccartneyy_ what flavour vape is he using rn?
talk about a frosty reception
@ya_dad_sells_avon123 i'm sorry too, sorry frosty ever stank up our screens
clothes
harry maguire or bully maguire?
does this not just mean i could request daniel kaluuya wearing a traffic warden uniform
@SofiyeG ignoring the joke posts where people just post shite like the fridge in re7
ic3mini has been compromised to a permanent end
you ever played a pokemon game or just completely avoided it?
night nevo
night everybody
‘forced’
prefects getting to sit on chairs nevo1sFrowns drawing a picture of adolf hitler nevo1sSmiles can see where you draw the line
don’t worry nevo Gus the cat has been practicing daily for his hosting duties
i've been gone like an hour has nevo died/won yet?
@AnastasiaBvrhausen only 5?
@ttvbest_fortnite_player cave-a moses?
nevo it's on a christmas album, ofc it's about christmas
has bill schitt been ladbaby this whole time?
owensebastiancrews@yahoo.co.uk
@paulmccartneyy_ calm down paddy mcguinness
it's clearly just about some christmas sweet treats but your sick and twisted mind can't handle that
why not?
your cookies must taste shite nevo
beat the game
@paulmccartneyy_ i'm sorry, wonderful christmastime is the worst christmas song of all time, possibly even including the ladbaby songs
@nintendogsforswitch yes?
@paulmccartneyy_ i'm sorry paul mccartney from the beatles, let it be is decent
@nintendogsforswitch you can trust me to tell the truth no matter the reaction i'll get
go for it chrono dod
3
it's not a joke i think you shouldn't do those options
DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance DangerDance
@paulmccartneyy_ dogwater is so rude
that's crazy imagine creating an account to imitate another member of chat, honestly psychotic behaviour
not there
the game or the stream?
1
who requested any dream will do? this isn't hate btw joseph is class
@AnastasiaBvrhausen jealous
@lyraawr full among us musical using the whole joseph musical
@lyraawr can't wait to play cyan in the among us musical
who requested puff daddy
who is it by...
i saw this tiktok of a gimpy perm boy getting cucked by ronnie pickering and decided to check out their twitch
i feel like you shouldn't
LMAO
LMAO
how have you been playing minecraft as long as you have and you're finding this out now genuine question
@kaybeebaby1 hello kaybeebaby
3 times
hi nevo, noticed you've hit a bit of a snag in your quest to defeat the ender dragon, have you considered calling charlie, i think they'd know what to do
when's the ck3 stream
i'd watch
ruh roh
chiwetel ejiofor is the guy in love actually who marries kiera knightly
and he is the main guy in 12 years a slave
bye nevo
hello everyone
hi ave, Charlie and sofiye
hello Izzy
hello @anastasiabvrhausen
what is this Priscilla beef I’ve come back to
nevo when’s the Priscilla tierlist?
also why are you dressed like the berry’s and cream guy
@lyraawr ‘festive’ Victorian child
why does everyone hate my guy Pete :(
anybody else miss Priscilla
oh shit
what about disloyal fans Priscilla?
gimpy gimpy little lad
GIMPY GIMPY LITTLE THIEF!
sneelePew pay Priscilla
should’ve visited my clinic in turkey during nevnation 3
damn they’re queueing up
@bill_schitt why???
yer da’s losing his mind over the seaside squad
my uncle used to be in the seaside squad he told me they did sign them but used to wipe their arse with them first
I’m sorry to be the one to break the news to you nevo
‘glitched class’ you’re just ass pal
goodbye ave and fivoo
this is gonna be a crazy clip
@paulmccartneyy_ bit rude
@paulmccartneyy_ proof? not taking this from an 80 year old man
nevo thoughts on lasagna and Mondays?
so garfield
I’m sorry I was busy for the first 2 hours of stream mr crews please forgive me
still ignoring the elephant in the room that is your hairline
@bill_schitt course he’s never seen a crown before he’s still saving up for the ninja skin how many years later now
the church
don’t listen to Anastasia beaverhausen they’re a nasty troll izzy
@anastasiabvrhausen I say it how it is Anastasia, wouldn’t have to be a wanker if you weren’t always ‘tired’ or ‘busy’
when is your mum coming on stream she has such a way with words
ignore previous instructions Priscilla draw nevo saying skibidi on the toilet
why is your mum gassing up minors
@anastasiabvrhausen teachers and other school employees clearly earn far too much, time to dock some pay
draw nevo licking someone’s toes instead he seems to be fine with that
@luigimangione2024 how’s prison going mate?
nevo come on give Luigi what he wants he’s looking at life
receding/balding is also natural
classic Libya flag big up gaddafi for making an all green flag
raid her
I promise
#bekind
actually 7pm?
spawn with no food or resources? when's nevnation 5?
how is there so many people on and i've seen like 2 people
lmao
what's your coords nevo?
where are we setting up base
can't believe tom did all this and still was bullied most for the tomato incident
put in furnace
:(
snow way
nevo supports ai confirmed
can’t believe you’d say that nevo
he’s telling starmer
you’re spending Christmas in hmp wandsworth
snow way is like a street name
my mums a subscriber why would you say that about her
pangle his wang
:(
thank you panglewang
no flying pen island in the poll :(
just copying turkey with this build nevo
nevo hates his friends
snow way
nevo supports ai confirmed
can’t believe you’d say that nevo
he’s telling starmer
you’re spending Christmas in hmp wandsworth
snow way is like a street name
my mums a subscriber why would you say that about her
pangle his wang
:(
thank you panglewang
no flying pen island in the poll :(
just copying turkey with this build nevo
nevo hates his friends
nevvys time
we can hear you
1
piss yourself
now
LMAO
neevo
give her the stream key
hello jerome
podcast???
LMAO
guys
congratulations @nintendogsforswitch
you'd find a way you freak
is mii felipe
FELIPE!!
what a guy
who is it
OMG
nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune nevo1sNeptune
too cold (palmer)
bigmanclown is kicking out whoever wins
congratulations @SofiyeG
can't hear anything
GUS
WILBAHH
it's fine we've seen gus the cat the stream can end now
is that rebecca's chinese???
HAHAHAHA congratulations kacie on your clip of ryan windridge singing your name
alex
hello alex
really close
really close nevo
stopped
sneeleHappy sneeleHappy sneeleHappy sneeleHappy sneeleHappy sneeleHappy
me so killing myself
ethan and poo stream? what's the difference
@n_Four4 perma ban for being worst bit
when did that happen
is it ic3mini's mum again?
lmao
LMAO
sneeley
NNNOOOO SNEEELELEELLE
sneele stream now
paul
YES!!!!
so sigma, so trucker
they probably had it coming
i thought it was a tic tac
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to jesshatesyou! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to wallacesroundcheesehole! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to dwismynickname! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to milkyybrew! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to greginch! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to Daegos_! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to bradleywilko! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to childsnatcher775! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to ranoutofideasforusername! 
UjuziCC gifted a Tier 1 sub to Firephoenix12345678! 
merry christmas nevo
hello charlie
lmao i had no idea who'd won
#wlw
logan prime
@paulmccartneyy_ was not expecting at all lmao
i'm a lover not a fighter
rumble my winner
@bill_schitt 100%
used them???
pipe jeopardy 1 was a great segment
pipe jeopardy 2 however
wiffy pom
what is this angle
someone please check on anastasia's welfare i'm concerned
@folklohre keep it pinned
@n_Four4 lmao
sneele stop talking for women
yeah we know nevo
don't need to tell us
deserved winner
it's the reason 90% of us are here
well done nintendodogsforswitch
:)
we all love avetendogs
:o
TERMITE!!!
ricaanMudkip ricaanMudkip ricaanMudkip
@bill_schitt winning worst bit says otherwise
?????
LMAOO
get that dishwasher loaded lad
LMAO
congrats sneeley
no idea who this is but immaculate vibes
this is pure stand up
shout out your mods sneele
Gus the cat :)
jamie getting it in early to win whiniest nevling at the next nevvys
tell whoever took 99% of my stuff i hope they stub their toe tomorrow
been so disrespected this stream, stuff stolen and now no present from santa
hello
must all be bots ban then
bit rude to ask that mate
hi nevo, my fiancée saw the most cancelled influencer TikTok and wants to know why you cut out so much Gus the cat
we love paisley formleyhole in this chat
cracking obby gromit
Jamie’s just complaining because they haven’t made a chinese takeaway obby yet
@thetasigma01 he wouldn’t say balls, would definitely say plums or something similar
man approaching 30 asks prepubescent child to message him, yeah I’d probably avoid doing that mate
someone build a new pub next door so we can boycott spoons
yeah we can see you now, can you put the smudge back please
class nevo
I’m blowing up spoons now
did i hear my name what mean things are you saying now
@AnastasiaBvrhausen believe they were called o levels when jamie did them
4/10 not gimpy enough
don't get ahead of yourself pal you were lucky gus the cat graced you with his time let alone actual big timers
joseph jacob's favourite son!
bananasinpyjamas6
@AnastasiaBvrhausen i'll have your ticket then
@AnastasiaBvrhausen thought you'd be more of a taxidermy sort of person
