Didn't think Kahoot had its own filter system
Nevo you seen like the type of guy to ask questions during the movie
@squirm1610 Biney
Nevo you seem like the type of guy to ask questions during the movie
Yes Nevo we know you like dream
Nevo you should play Fallout 76 with Sneele and build a settlement together
Nevo when is the Nevo foreigner of the year award being announced
Nevo do you have the guy from Fortnite album (Snoop Dogg)
Nevo you look like Tommyinnit off of wish
Nevo you look like Tommyinnit of off wish Thomasoutit
Nevo who is your favourite member of the DreamSMP
Nevo if you where stranded on a Island with 1 DreamSMP member who would it be
Gus Fring is destroying your house
Nevo did you hear Mrbeast got arrested in 2018 for illegal racing his car
It isn't bill schitt destroying your island it's Gus Fring from Breaking Bad
Nevo did you hear Mrbeast got arrested in 2017 for illegal racing his car
Magic
Use the command block and revive Nevnation 3 map
Nevo did you hear in 2017 Mrbeast got arrested for illegal car racing
Nevo can you add MrLukeDes?
MrLukeDes is a UK influencer on TikTok and he talks about hustle culture and that kinda stuff. Search him up on TikTok if you want to see his TikToks
The rules are rules Nevo
Will you build a statue in Alex Turner's honour?
Nevo can you add Jim from Friday Night Dinner
Hello Jackie
I have 5.1K
Can you gift me free channel points?
Nevo do you think you could beat Candy Cooking in a fight?
Didn't know you were playing the Silent Hill 2 remake
Nevo can you do your termite impression
Nevo did you know this game literally took sound effects and some of the soundtrack from the original Silent Hill 2
Nevo can you please play Tomidachi Life instead of Silent Hill 2
Nevo are you related to The Rizzler's Dad?
Nevo thoughts on Elford12 giving people Skibidi Thrashing
Nevo are you a Gummy Bear
This song suits Silent Hill 2 so well right now
Nevo what does Jafaar think about the Gummy Bear album coming out November 13th with alot of videos and extras?
Nevo what does Jafaar think about the Gummy Bear album coming out November 13th with alot of videos and extras?
Nevo what does Jafaar think about the Gummy Bear album coming out November 13th with alot of videos and extras?
Rest Peace Wizard Wenford you would really like the Gummy Bear album you would've really loved the Gummy Bear album
Nevo when is Jafaar getting a Twitch channel?
Nevo will Jafaar play Tomidachi Life next stream?
Nevo what is your rating of the Nevo1st characters?
Happy Birthday Nevo The best thing god gave you was being born on the same day as the Gummy Bear album
Nevo who would win in a fight King Ian Moore vs Ryan Windrige vs Wilbur Soot vs Dream vs Alex Turner vs Paul Breach vs Gummy Bear?
Nevo I think King Ian Moore should be Prime Minister do you agree?
Nevo do you think Piglet would be scared of Ian Moore
Nevo do you think Piglet would be scared of Ian Moore
Nevo will you ever do Fortnite Friday with Sneele?
Nevo you better go and visit Ian Moore in hospital
Nevo end stream now and go and check on your BFF Ian Moore in hospital
Nevo can you buy me King Ian Moore merch PLZ
Buy the King Ian Moore boxers
Merch nevo1sWallace
I would buy those King Ian Moore flip flops
Nevo when are you creating the Nevo1st Movie where Michael Cera is Nevo,Daniel Day-Lewis as Sneele,Angelina Jolie as Fuming Lady,Ryan Gosling as Tinky Winky,Kevin James as King Ian Moore,Michael C.Hall as Dave The Manager,Adam Sandler as Ronnie Pickering
Aw thank you Nevo
Nevo can you sing FEIN
Nevo can you please collab with Callum Addams
Nevo will you be King Ian Moore's caretaker after 5 weeks in the hospital
Thanks @jamieec
nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing nevo1sKing
Nevo will you become a King Ian Moore's caretaker after his 5 weeks in hospital
Nevo is Ujuzi your favourite fan?
Is it expensive Paracetamol or the cheap Tesco Paracetamol
Nevo are you a ALDI shopper?
My favourite emote is: nevo1sKing my least favourite is: nevo1sAWOOGA
Nevo1st can I play Fortnite with you I have the Mrbeast skin
Nevo1st can I play Fortnite with you I have the Mrbeast skin
Nevo what is your fortnite username?
Gangnam style right now for celebration
Gangnam style right now for celebration
Your really close Nevo
Nevo getting freaky
Nevo have you heard of No D iddy Dog?
The Beast is my favourite
Nevo what would you rate this game on the BOOM meter?
Nevo when are you doing the going to Barnsley Bowl stream
Most sane Nevo chat stream m
Nevo what us your favourite Olatunji Family member mine is Yinka Olatunji
Mcmentel22
Right my username please write me under MCmentel22
Let me be on the white board
Mcmentel22 on the white board please
mcmentel22
Please write mcmentel22
Nevo can you do an impression of Ian Moore reacting to you not putting his name on your special white board
Nevo can you do an impression of Ian Moore reacting to you not putting his name on your special white board
Nevo do an impression of Ryan Windrige coming to see King Ian Moore in the hospital and giving him some pee dough as a gift
Nevo do an impression of Ryan Windrige coming to see King Ian Moore in the hospital and giving him some pee dough as a gift
Nevo who is your favourite member of the Olatunji family
Nevo can you do an impression of Jafaar reacting to Logan Paul 2018 forest incident
Nevo can you do an impression of Jafaar reacting to Logan Paul 2018 forest incident
Can Jafaar read out a Nevy
Can Yinka Olatunji (KSI's mum) read out a Nevy or Jafaar read out a Nevy
I have definitely got most annoying chatter
Best mii suggester
Nevo who is your favourite member of the Olatunji Family (KSI and Deji's family)
Do you like Yinka Olatunji
Nevo do you think Piglet would scare King Ian Moore?
Nevo goes for his Wii U brak
WILBUR!
Nevo can you sing a Wilbah Soot song?
Nevo who is your favourite DREAMSMP member and an in depth reason why
Nevo recreate some famous DreamSMP moments
Nevo are you in your WILBUR! era?
Nevo can you sing Wilbur Soot's song?
Nevo and Sneele karaoke stream when?
Mr
Nevo do you want Lunchly
WILBUR YOU'VE BEEN CANCELED
Nevo who has the most demonic discord you or Sneele
Nevo did Jafaar watch the DreamSMP
Nevo did Jafaar watch the DreamSMP
Nevo what do you think WILBUR! ordered at Maccies?
Nevo did Jafaar watch the DreamSMP?
Nevo is Jafaar good friends with WILBUR??
Sneele was probably one of those fans who dressed up as DreamSMP members and sang Mask by Dream on repeat
Sneele was probably one of those fans who dressed up as DreamSMP members and sang Mask by Dream on repeat
Nevo is Sneele in that one cringe DreamSMP fan video where they all dressed up as DreamSMP members and sang Mask by Dream?
Answer my question please Mr. Nevo1st
Nevo does Sneele touch grass?
Wilbur The Cannibal" Soot"
Nevo who is your favourite DreamSMP and an in depth reason why they are your favourite?
Nevo are you going to scran Dream?
Nevo will you and Sneele going to do a Karaoke stream,
?
Nevo who would win in a fight Sneele's Fortnite Mrbeast vs Nevo1st's Minecraft Dream
WILBUR! YOU NEED TO STOP EATING PEOPLE WILBUR!
Nevo is Sneele secretly that Darius guy on TikTok?
Darius is cool tho
Nevo is Nevnation up there with great TV shows like Breaking Bad,Prison Break and Dexter
Nevo I would be careful around Sneele he knows to much about DreamSMP lore
Nevo I would be careful around Sneele he knows to much about DreamSMP lore
Nevo when is the next Tomidachi Life stream?
Hatsune Nevo is in the Discord
Pull up Hatsune Nevo for all to see
Nevo can I please be a mod
Are you playing Tomidachi Life?
👍
Nevo have you heard of Bonnie Blu?
Nevo you should get the R9 haircut
Also can Jafaar do a Nevy?
No Nevo don't play Silent Hill 2 it's to scary
Nevo I am going to spend my channel points on creating a mii but I want your help of who I should suggest my 3 thoughts are MrLukeDes, Elford12 and Bonnie Blu
MrLukeDes is a hustle TikToker who brags about forex trading,not having to work and staying in expensive hotels every night
Nevo have you seen the message from the creators of Piglets Big Game when they state that they wanted to make a horror game to unease kids
Are you going to bet that you can do it
@zynxoh no
Nevo may I have the opportunity to be a mod?
Nevo can you stop playing Silent Hill 2 it's making me feel uneasy not scared just uneasy
Nevo can you sing Broke Boi by Flightreacts
Nevo are you feeling uneasy?
WILBUR STOP PLAYING PIGLETS BIG GAME!
Nevo can you tell us how the funeral of Great Wizard Wenford how is his family have you checked up on them will you spend Christmas with them
Nevo when will the Nevo1st music or boxing career start
Nevo who will you casted to play you in the Nevo movie
Danny G
Dundee
Nevo can you do a karaoke stream with Sneele
Nevo did you ever have guest speakers at school and are you that one person who asked them questions
Nevo will you be playing Tomidachi life soon?
Nevo is the weather outside rizzy but the fire is so skibidi but since you gyat to go oh ohio hio hio
Identity fraud is serious Nevo millions of families suffer from it each year
Nevo if you could create a sequel to Piglet
Nevo can you play the Love Island games I think you would enjoy it
Nevo can you do an impression of Keir Stamer trying to rizz up Vladimir Putin
Nevo if you ran Britain what would you do first?
Next segment-Nevo creates his dating sim idea and tries to get the world record of rizzing up Keir Stamer the fastest
Nevo would you ever do a subithon
@bigfatfattyfatso agree
Nevo can you do an impression of Ryan Windrige being one of piglets fears
Oh Dinner with Winnie, Oh Dinner with Winnie
Nevo how much would TikTok league have to pay you to join?
Nevo can you play Dexter The Game (Dexter serial killer TV show)
It is really but it's very hard to find an actual copy but I think it's easy to emulate tho
Nevo can you give me updates on the family of Great Wizard Wenford since it's nearly been a month since his horrendous and upsetting death
Nevo can you give me updates on the family of Great Wizard Wenford since it's nearly been a month since his horrendous and upsetting death
You need to get in contact with the grieving relatives of Great Wizard Wenford imagine how they are feeling that the last person he interacted with ain't even checking in on them you could at least invite them for Christmas
@ic3mini Ik sorry I just need to get my point across don't mean it to be wordy
Nevo did you ever have guest speakers at school and are you that one person who asked questions
Nutella donut is one of the GOATS
I thought Dunkin Donuts was only in America
@sofiyeg Oh that's cool I thought it was just an American fast food chain only in America
Nevo need to sign the divorce papers can you pause stream until I sign them
Give up and play Tomidachi Life please
Are you giving up?
Give up Nevo please we beg at this point (play Tomidachi Life)
Nevo I'm sorry for keep going on but for your mental health please give up and play Tomidachi Life
Nevo can you put impression or highlight message back on channel points?
Nevo Jafaar should come in a help you lock in
Elford12
Now get on Tomidachi Life now and create him
Nevo please give uo
@nintendogsforswitch ok
All nighter with Nevo
Can you put on Mask by Dream
!sr Broke Boi by Flight
@luxembourgz99 already suggested it in 19th position
!sr We Bring The Boom by AJ and Big Justice
Can you go to the 19th position
!sr We Bring The Boom by AJ and Big Justice
!sr Broke Boi by Flight
!sr Broke Boi by Flightreacts
Nevo my suggestion isn't working
!sr Kyle's mom's a bitch by South Park
Nevo what is your opinion on King Ian Moore and Callums Corner having a boxing fight on Undisputed (Boxing Game)
Nevo can you do an impression of King Ian Moore telling you the new Wallace and Gromit movie is really close to coming out?
!sr Broke Boi by Flightreacts
Nevo when is the Nevys happening?
Buy my flip flops of my merch store Nevo
Buy my merch Nevoooooo
@squirm1610 Biney
!sr No Ls by Deji
@squirm1610 thanks
You're very close to creating Callums Corner Nevo
Nevo can I join Nevo1st incorporated
I want the job of your personal bodyguard in Nevo1st incorporated
Nevo turn up the music a wee bit I can barely hear it
Wakey wakey Callum
Nevo what is your favourite TV licence man
Nevo would you work as a TV licence man?
!sr Jingle Boom
!sr Vegan World
Nevo did you see AJ had an wrestling match on AEW (2nd biggest wrestling company)
What is your opinion on the song Nevo?
Nevo does Anecestory.com test stream when?
Nevo you should try and connect yourself to King Ian Moore
Nevo can you do an impression of Ryan Windrige on I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here?
!sr No Ls by Deji
Nevo can you please release the Among Us Christmas song on Spotify?
Nevo where you asked to be on I'm A Celebrity this year?
Nevo what is your opinion on I'm A Celebrity
Nevo you should play Fallout 4 for a stream
Nevo Fallout 4 stream when?
Nevo Fallout 4 stream when?
Nevo what Jafaar have to say about Dark Souls?
Hello Nevo
Oh Fortnite with Nevo oh Fortnite with Nevo oh Fortnite with Nevo oh Fortnite with Nevo
Nevo when are you getting your own Fortnite skin?
Nevo Fortnite skin when?
You're very close to getting a W Nevo
Nevo can you do an impression of King Ian Moore and Ryan Windrige playing Fortnite together for the first time?
Nevo can you do an impression of King Ian Moore and Ryan Windrige playing Fortnite together for the first time?
Nevo are you they Simpson comic book guy?
Already making excuses Nevo
Sneele's rea name is Simon Neele
Nevo is Sneele's real name Simon Neele
Sneele real name Simon Neele is a famous Twitch streamer most popular for playing Fortnite he has very famous Fortnite collabs such as Charlie,HulkShart,Junko_JPEG,Sigma Trucker and Mrbeast
